{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Ancient One: Master Kaecilius. That ritual will bring you only sorrow\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Kaecilius: Hypocrite!\u8232 \u8232 Doctor Strange: Challenge round, Billy.\u8232 [Billy playing the other song]\u8232 Doctor Strange: Oh, come on, Billy. You\'92ve got to be messing with me.\u8232 Billy: Heheh. No, doctor.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Feels So Good, Chuck Mangione, 1977. Seriously, Billy, you said this one would be hard.\u8232 Billy: Hah! It\'92s 1978.\u8232 Doctor Strange: No, Billy, while Feels So Good may have charted in 1978, the album was released in December, 1977.\u8232 Billy: No, no. Wikipedia says the\'85\u8232 Doctor Strange: Check again.\u8232 Billy: When did you\'85?\u8232 Doctor that is helping Stephen: Where do you store all this useless information?\u8232 Doctor Strange: Useless? The man charted a top ten hit with a Flugelhorn. Status, Billy?\u8232 Dr. Billy: 1977.\u8232 Doctor that is helping Stephen: Oh! Please. I hate you.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Woah! "Feels so good", doesn\'92t it?\u8232 [someone looking through the door\'92s glass]\u8232 Doctor Strange: Oh, I\'85\u8232 Doctor that is helping Stephen: I\'92ve got this, Stephen. You\'92ve done your bit. Go ahead, we\'92ll close up.\u8232 Dr. Stephen Strange: What is that? [Christine hands him the device showing the patient's situation.]\u8232 Christine Palmer: GSW.\u8232 Doctor Strange: It\'92s amazing you kept him alive. Apneic, further brain stem testing after reflex test\'85 I think I found the problem, Dr. Palmer. You left a bullet in his head.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Thanks. It\'92s impinging on the medulla. I needed a specialist to diagnose brain death. Something about that doesn\'92t feel right to me.\u8232 Doctor Strange: We have to run.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Dr. West! What are you doing? Hey!\u8232 Dr. West: Organ harvesting. He\'92s a donor.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Slow down. I did not agree to that.\u8232 Dr. West: I don\'92t need you to. We\'92ve already called brain death.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Prematurely. We need to get him prepped for a suboccipital craniotomy.\u8232 Dr. West: I\'92m not going to let you operate on a dead man.\u8232 Doctor Strange: [Holds up the scan of the patient's brain.] What do you see?\u8232 Dr. West: A bullet?\u8232 Doctor Strange: A perfect bullet. It\'92s been hardened. You harden a bullet by alloying lead with antimony. A toxic metal. And it's leaking directly into the cerebral spinal fluid.\u8232 Dr. West: Rapid-onset central nervous system shutdown. \u8232 Christine Palmer: We need to go.\u8232 october Strange: The patient\'92s not dead, but he\'92s dying. Do you still want to harvest his organs?\u8232 Dr. West: I\'92ll assist you.\u8232 Doctor Strange: [Wheels the patient's bed down the hallway, Christine follows him.] No! Dr. Palmer will assist me.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Thank you. [Begins to hook the patient up to devices.] Image status, STAT.\u8232 Dr. Stephen Strange: We do not have time for that.\u8232 Christine Palmer: You can\'92t do it freehand.\u8232 Doctor Strange: I can and I will.\u8232 Dr. West: This isn\'92t the time for showing off, Strange.\u8232 Doctor Strange: How about 10 minutes ago, when you called the wrong time of death? [Selects a pair of bent scissors and inspects the patient's brain on a screen.] Cranial nerves intact. [He artfully reaches into the brian with the thin scissors. There is a loud ticking noise coming from Dr. west's watch. He doesn't look away from the patient.] Dr. West, cover your watch.\u8232 [Dr. West slides a hand over his expensive watch. Back to Stephen Strange, who is delicately performing the surgery's. His steady hand reaches in, and the scissors clasp around the billet. He slowly draws out th scissors and opens them, dropping the all blue bullet into a tray. It's out. Cheers fill the room.] \
\
[Doctor Palmer and Doctor Strange walk down the hospital hallway, talking to each other.]\uc0\u8232 Christine Palmer: You know, you didn\'92t have to humiliate him in front of everyone.\u8232 Doctor Strange: I didn\'92t have to save his patient either. [He dances slightly as when walks.] But, you know, sometimes I just can\'92t help myself.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Nick is a great doctor.\u8232 Doctor Strange: You came to me.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Yeah, well, I needed a second opinion.\u8232 Doctor Strange: You had a second opinion. What you needed was a competent one.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Well, all the more reason you should be my neurosurgeon on call. You could make such a difference.\u8232 Dr. Stephen Strange: I can\'92t work in your butcher shop.\u8232 Christine Palmer: [slightly offended] Hey! Look, he\'85\u8232 Doctor Strange: Look, I\'92m fusing transected spinal cords. I'm stimulating neurogenesis in the central nervous system. The work I'm doing is gonna save thousands for years to come. In ER, you get to save one drunk idiot with a gun.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Yeah, you\'92re right. In the ER, you\'92re only saving lives. There\'92s no fame, there\'92s no CNN interviews\'85 Well, I guess I\'92ll have to stick with Nick.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Wait a minute. You\'92re not\'85you guys aren\'92t\'85\u8232 Christine Palmer: What?\u8232 Doctor Strange: Sleeping together. Sorry, I thought that was implicit in my disgust.\u8232 Crhstine Palmer: Explicit, actually. And no, I have a very strict rule against dating colleagues.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Oh really?\u8232 [They come to a stop outside of Christine's post.]\u8232 Christine Palmer: I call it the Strange policy.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Oh, good! I\'92m glad something is named after me. You know, I invented a laminectomy procedure, and yet, somehow, no one seems to want to call it the Strange technique.\u8232 Christine Palmer: We invented that technique.\u8232 Doctor Strange: You know, I gotta say, I\'92m very flattered by your policy. Look, I\'92m talking tonight at a Neurological Society dinner. Come with me.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Another speaking engagement? So romantic.\u8232 Doctor Strange: You used to love going to those things with me. We had fun together.\u8232 Christine Palmer: No. You had fun. They weren\'92t about us, they were about you.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Not only about me.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Stephen. Everything is about you.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Maybe we can hyphenate. Strange-Palmer technique. \u8232 Christine Palmer: [She walks as away, but looks back over her shoulder, grinning.] Palmer-Strange.\u8232 [He grins too. he's gotten her.] \
\
[We see a fancy, expensive apartment--huge windows looking out on a beautiful city, and Doctor Strange walks in front of the windows, arrogance in his step. Switch scenes to show him pulling open a drawer full of twenty or so watches, rotating on their display. He wonders for a moment and then picks an especially expensive looking one. Switch setting to show him driving recklessly out of his apartment building's driveway in an expensive car. Later, on the road, he is still driving just as recklessly, but in the rainy darkness.]\uc0\u8232 Doctor Strange: [To Billy, on the phone.] Billy! What have you got for me?\u8232 Billy: I\'92ve got a 35-year-old Air Force colonel. Crushed his lower spine in some kind of experimental armor. Mid-thoracic vertebral fracture.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Well, I could help, but so can 50 other people. Find me something worth my time.\u8232 Billy: I have a 68-year-old female with an advanced brain stem glioma.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Yeah, you want me to screw up my perfect record? Definitely not.\u8232 Billy: How about a 22-year-old female with an electronic implant in her brain to control schizophrenia struck by lightning?\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: That does sound interesting. Could you send me the\'85 [His phone screen lights up with the patient's documents] got it. Hey.\uc0\u8232 \
[Another car appears on the road. Doctor Strange swerves out of the way and goes off the road, off the side of a mountain. The car crashes, Stephen blacks out]\uc0\u8232 Christine Palmer: [Stephen wakes up in a hospital bed and see his hands in traction. Christine is next to his bed.] It\'92s okay. It\'92s going to be okay.\u8232 Doctor Strange: [hoarsely]What did they do?\u8232 Christine Palmer: They rushed you in a chopper. But it took a little while to find you. Golden hours for nerve damage went by while you were in the car.\u8232 Doctor Strange: What did they do?!?\u8232 Christine Palmer: 11 stainless steel pins in the bones. Multiple torn ligaments. Severe nerve damage in both hands. You were on the table for 11 hours.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Look at these fixators.\u8232 Christine Palmer: No one could have done better.\u8232 Doctor Strange: I could have done better.\u8232 Christine Palmer: No. No.\u8232 \u8232 [A scene later in time. All Stephen's wounds are gone, except for the shaking in his ruined hands.]\u8232 Doctor: Give your body time to heal.\u8232 Doctor Strange: You ruined me. How long until I\'92m\'85\u8232 \u8232 [Doctor Strange's apartment, where a team of doctors are gathered around his table.]\u8232 Doctor One: Doctor Strange\'85 those tissues are still healing.\u8232 Doctor Strange: So speed it up. Pass the stent under the brachial artery under the radial artery.\u8232 Doctor Two: It\'92s possible. Experimental and expensive, but possible.\u8232 Doctor Strange: All I need is possible.\u8232 \u8232 [Doctor Strange has metal around his hand, pulling his fingers in, and he is excercising his weak hands by trying to fight against them. He is being supervised by a young doctor.] \u8232 Young Doctor: Up. Up. Show me your strength.\u8232 [Doctor Strange groans in frustration, and his hands close.]\u8232 Doctor Stephen Strange: Ah! It\'92s useless.\u8232 Young Doctor: It\'92s not useless, man, you can do this.\u8232 Doctor Strange: [He tries again, but he's annoyed. And still arrogan.] Then answer me this, bachelor\'92s degree. Have you ever known anyone with nerve damage this severe to do this, and actually recover?\u8232 Young Doctor: One guy, yeah. Factory accident, broke his back. Paralyzed. His leg wasted away. He had pain in his shoulder from the wheelchair. He came in 3 times a week. But one day he stopped coming. I thought he was dead. A few years later, he walked past me on the street.\u8232 Doctor Strange: He walked? \u8232 Young Doctor: Yeah, he walked.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Bullshit. Show me his file.\u8232 Young Doctor: It can take me a while to pull the files from the archive. But if it proves your arrogant ass wrong, it\'92s worth it.\u8232 \u8232 [Dr. Strange is having a conversation with an elite doctor through his tablet. As he does so, right particles writing his name with his trembling hand.]\u8232 Etienne: I looked at all your research. I read all the papers you\'92ve sent, but\'85 none will work. I\'85 I don\'92t think you realize how severe the damage is, I\'85\u8232 Doctor Strange: Look, here\'92s the thing, I\'85\u8232 Etienne: At best, I\'92d try and fail. Look, I understand. Here\'92s the thing. I\'85 What you want from me is impossible, Stephen.\u8232 Doctor Strange Come on\'85\u8232 Etienne: I\'92ve got my own reputation to consider.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Etienne, wait.\u8232 Etienne:I can\'92t help you\'85\u8232 Doctor Strange: No. No, no, wait!\u8232 [Too late. Etienne hangs up. Doctor Strange yells in frustration and knocks the tablet and the papers he's been practicing on off of the table. He sits there a moment, defeated, before the door opens and Christine walks in.]\u8232 Christine Palmer: Hi. [Seeing his face.] He won\'92t do it.\u8232 Doctor Strange: He\'92s a hack. There\'92s a new procedure in Tokyo. They culture donor stem cells and then harvest them and 3D-print a scaffold. If I could get a loan together, just\'85\u8232 Christine Palmer: Stephen\'85\u8232 Doctor Strange: A small loan, 200,000.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Stephen. You\'92ve always spent money as fast as you could make it but now you\'92re spending money you don\'92t even have. Maybe it\'92s time to consider stopping.\u8232 Dr. Stephen Strange: No. Now is exactly the time not to stop. Because, you see, I\'92m not getting any better! [He goldsmith up his shaking hands angrily.]\u8232 Christine Palmer: But this isn\'92t medicine anymore. This is mania. Some things just can\'92t be fixed.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Life without my work\'85\u8232 Christine Palmer: Is still life. This isn\'92t the end. There are other things that can give your life meaning.\u8232 Doctor Strange:[Spitefully]Like what? Like you?\u8232 Christine Palmer: And this is the part where you apologize.\u8232 Doctor Strange: This is the part where you leave.\u8232 Christine Palmer: Fine. I can\'92t watch you do this to yourself anymore. [She move soon to leave.]\u8232 Doctor Strange: Too difficult for you, is it?\u8232 Christine Palmer: Yes. It is. And it breaks my heart to see you this way. \u8232 Doctor Strange: No. Don\'92t pity me.\u8232 Christine Palmer: I\'92m not pitying you.\u8232 Doctor Strange: Oh yeah? Then what are you doing here? Bringing cheese and wine as if we\'92re old friends going for a picnic? We are not friends, Christine. We were barely lovers. You just love a sob story, don\'92t you? Is that what I am to you now? Poor Stephen Strange, charity case. He finally needs me. Another dregmof humanity for you to work on. Fix him up and send him back into the world, heart is just humming\'85 [Shouting] You care so much, don't you?!?\u8232 Christine Palmer: Goodbye, Stephen. [She drops her keys to his apartment on the the table and stalks out. He stared out ant the city, his hands still shaking. Zoom in on the paper on the floor, where writing out his name. The lines are shaky, incomplete, and illegible.]\u8232 \u8232 [Doctor Strange sifts through medical files with his trembling hands. He finds a couple of files with a post-it notebook on it that reads "Told you so!"\u8232 \u8232 [A basketball court, with men playing basketball and shouting at each other. Is Doctor Strange's jealous of how carefree and active they are?]\u8232 Man 1: Come on, man! Where is the competition?\u8232 Man 2: You talk a lot!\u8232 [One then a walks over to the edge of the four court to a drink of water even water. Doctor Strange approaches him through the fence. \u8232 Doctor Strange: Jonathan Pangborn, C7-C8 spinal cord injury, complete.\u8232 Pangborn: Who are you?\u8232 Doctor Strange: Paralyzed from the mid-chest down. Partial paralysis of both hands.\u8232 Pangborn: I don\'92t know you.\u8232 Dr. Stephen Strange: I\'92m Stephen Strange. I\'92m a neurosurgeon. Was a neurosurgeon.\u8232 Pangborn: Actually, you know what, man? I think I know you. I came to your office once. You refused to see me. I never got past your assistant.\u8232 Doctor Strange: You were untreatable.\u8232 Pangborn: No glory for you in that, right?\u8232 Doctor Strange: You came back from a place there is no way back from! I\'85 I\'92m trying to find my own way back.\u8232 \
Man 1: Hey, Pangborn, you in it or not?\uc0\u8232 \
Pangborn: Alright. I\'92d given up on my body. I thought my mind was the only thing I had left. I should at least try to elevate that. So I sat with gurus, and sacred women. Strangers carried me to mountain tops to see holy men. And finally, I found my teacher. And my mind was elevated. And my spirit deepened. And somehow\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Dr. Stephen Strange: Your body healed. \
Pangborn: Yes. And there were deeper secrets to learn then, but I did not have the strength to receive them. I chose to settle for my miracle, and I came back home. The place you\'92re looking for is called Kamar-Taj. But the cost is high.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: How much?\uc0\u8232 \
Pangborn: I\'92m not talking about money. Good luck.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Giv\cb1 e me the ball!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Excuse me. Kamar-Taj? Do you know where Kamar-Taj is? Kamar-Taj? Kamar-Taj\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Okay. Guys, I\'85 I don\'92t have any money.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Your w\cb1 atch.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No, please. It\'92s all I have left.\uc0\u8232 \
Your watch.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Alright.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 You\'92re lo\cb1 oking for Kamar-Taj?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Really? Are you sure you got the right place? That one looks a little more\'85 Kamar-y Taj-y.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: I once stood in your place. And I, too, was\'85 disrespectful. So might I offer you some advice? Forget everything you think you know.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Uh\'85 alright.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: The sanctuary of our teacher. The Ancient One.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: The Ancient One? What\'92s his real name? Right. Forget everything I think I know. I\'92m sorry. Thank you for\'85 huh! Okay, that\'92s, uh\'85 a thing\'85 Thank you.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: \cb3 Hello. Uh\cb1 , thank you. And thank you.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Uh, thank you, Ancient One\'85 for\'85 seeing me\'85\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: You\'92re very welcome.\
\
The Ancient One: Thank you, Master Mordo. Thank you, Master Hamir! Mr. Strange!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Doctor, actually.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Well, no. Not anymore, surely. Isn\'92t that why you\'92re here? You\'92ve undergone many procedures. Seven, right?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yeah\'85\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Good t\cb1 ea.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Did you heal a man named Pangborn? A paralyzed man.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: In a way.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You helped him to walk again.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Yes. \
Doctor Strange: How do you correct a complete C7-C8 spinal cord injury?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Oh, I didn\'92t correct it. He couldn\'92t walk; I convinced him that he could.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You\'92re not suggesting it was psychosomatic? \
\
The Ancient One: When you reattach a severed nerve, is it you who heals it back together or the body?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: It\'92s the cells.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: And the cells are only programmed to put themselves together in very specific ways.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: That\'92s right. \
The Ancient One: What if I told you that your own body could be convinced to put itself back together in all sorts of ways?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You\'92re talking about cellular regeneration. That\'92s\'85 bleeding-edge medical tech. Is that why you\'92re working here, without a governing medical board? I mean\'85 just how experimental is your treatment?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Quite.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: So, you figured out a way to reprogram nerve cells to self-heal?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: No, Mr. Strange. I know how to reorient the spirit to better heal the body.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Spirit\'85 to heal the body. Huh. A\'85 Al\'85 Al\'85 alright. How do we do that? Where do we start?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Don\'92t like that map?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Oh, no. It\'92s\'85 it\'92s very good. It\'92s just\'85 you know, I\'92ve seen it before. In gift shops.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: And what about this one?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Acupuncture, great. \uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 The Ancient One: \cb1 Yeah? \cb3 What about\'85 that one?\uc0\u8232 \
\cb1 Doctor Strange: You\'92re showing me an MRI scan? I can not believe this. \
\
The Ancient One: Each of those maps was drawn up by someone who could see in part, but not the whole.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I spent my last dollar getting here on a one-way ticket, and you\'92re talking to me about healing through belief?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: You\'92re a man who\'92s looking at the world through a keyhole, and you spent your whole life trying to widen that keyhole. To see more, know more. And now, on hearing that it can be widened in ways you can\'92t imagine, you reject the possibility?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No, I reject it because I do not believe in fairy tales about chakras, or energy, or the power of belief. There is no such thing as spirit! We are made of matter, and nothing more. We\'92re just another tiny, momentary speck within an indifferent universe.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: You think too little of yourself.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Oh, you think you see through me, do you? Well, you don\'92t. But I see through you!!! What did you just do to me?!? \
\
The Ancient One: I pushed your astral form out of your physical form.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What\'92s in that tea? Psilocybin? LSD?\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 The Ancient One: Just t\cb1 ea. With a little honey.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What just happened? \
\
The Ancient One: For a moment, you entered the astral dimension.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What?? \
\
The Ancient One: A place where the soul exists apart from the body.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Why are you doing this to me?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: To show you just how much you don\'92t know. Open your eye.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No! No\'85 No! Shit! Oh god! Oh god! Oh god! This isn\'92t real it isn\'92t real it isn\'92t\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 His hear\cb1 t rate are getting dangerously high.\uc0\u8232 \
He looks alright to me.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: You think you know how the world works? You think that this material\'a0universe is all there is? What is real? What mysteries lie beyond the reach of your senses? At the root of existence, mind and matter meet. Thoughts shape reality. This universe is only one of an infinite number. Worlds without end. Some benevolent and life-giving; Others filled with malice and hunger. Dark places, where powers older than time lie\'85 ravenous\'85 and waiting. Who are you in this vast multiverse, Mr. Strange? Have you seen that before in a gift shop?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Teach me! No. No\'85 No! No, no, no, no no no no!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No! Open the door! Please!\uc0\u8232 \
Tha\cb3 nk you, Masters\cb1 .\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: You think I\'92m wrong to cast him out?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: 5 hours later, he\'92s still on your doorstep.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: There\'92s a strength to him. Stubbornness, arrogance, ambition\'85 I\'92ve seen it all before.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: He reminds you of Kaecilius?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: I can not lead another gifted student to power, only to lose him to the darkness.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You didn\'92t lose me. I wanted the power to defeat my enemies. You gave me the power to defeat my demons. And to live within the natural law.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: We never lose our demons, Mordo. We only learn to live above them.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Kaecilius still has the stolen pages. If he deciphers them, he could bring ruin upon us all. There may be dark days ahead. Perhaps Kamar-Taj could use a man like Strange.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Don\'92t shut me out. I\'92ve nowhere else to go. Thank you.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Bed.\cb1  Rest. Meditate\'85 if you can. The Ancient One will send for you.\uc0\u8232 \
Uh, what\'92s this? My mantra?\uc0\u8232 \
The Wi-Fi password. We\'92re not savages.\uc0\u8232 \
\
Time will tell how much I love you.\uc0\u8232 \
- Christine\uc0\u8232 \
The language of the mystic arts is as old as civilization. The sorcerers of antiquity called the use of this language "spells". But if that word offends your modern sensibilities, you can call it "program". The source code that shapes reality. We harness energy drawn from other dimensions of the multiverse, to cast spells, conjure shields and weapons to make magic.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: But\'85 even if my fingers could do that, My hands would just be waving in the air. I mean, how do I get from here to there?\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 How did y\cb1 ou get to reattach severed nerves, and put a human spine back together bone by bone?\uc0\u8232 \
Study and practice. Years of it.\
\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Hey.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: Mr. Strange.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Uh\'85 Stephen, please.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: And you are?\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: Wong. \uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Wong. Just Wong? Like\'85 Adele? Or\'85 Aristotle. Drake. Bono. Eminem.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: The book of the invisible sun. Astronomia Nova. Codex Imperium. Key of Solomon. You finished all of this?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yup.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: Come with me.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Alright.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: This section is for Masters only. But at my discretion, others may use it. We should start with Maxim\'92s Primer. How is your Sanskrit?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'92m fluent in Google Translate.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: Read it. Classical Sanskrit.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What are those?\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: The Ancient One\'92s private collection.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: So they\'92re forbidden?\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: No knowledge in Kamar-Taj is forbidden. Only certain practices. Those books are far too advanced for anyone other than the Sorcerer Supreme.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: This one\'92s got pages missing.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: That\'92s the book of Cagliostro. The study of time. One of the rituals was stolen by a former Master. A zealot called Kaecilius. Just after he strung up the former librarian, and relieved him of his head. I\'92m now the guardian of these books. So if a volume from this collection should be stolen again, I\'92d know it. And you\'92d be dead before you ever left the compound.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What if it\'92s just overdue? You know? Any\'85 late fees I should know about? Maybe, perhaps, uhm\'85 Uh, you know, people used to think that I was funny.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: Did they work for you?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Alright. Well, it\'92s been lovely talking to you, thank you for the books and for the horrifying story and for the threat upon my life.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Now we receive th\cb1 e power to destroy the one who betrayed us. The one who betrays the world.\uc0\u8232 \
Mastery of the sling ring is essential to the mystic arts. They allow us to travel throughout the multiverse. All you need to do is focus. Visualize. See the destination in your mind. Look beyond the world in front of you. Imagine every detail. The clearer the picture, the quicker, and easier, the gateway will come.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 And stop\cb1 .\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: I\'92d like a moment alone with Mr. Strange.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Of c\cb1 ourse.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: My hands.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: It\'92s not about your hands.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: How is this not about my hands?\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Master Hamir.\uc0\u8232 \
Thank you, Master Hamir.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb1 The Ancient One: You cannot beat a river into submission. You have to surrender to its current, and use its power as your own.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'85 I control it by surrendering control? That doesn\'92t make any sense.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Not everything does. Not everything has to. Your intellect has taken you far in life. But it will take you no further. Surrender, Stephen. Silence your ego and your power will rise. Come with me.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Wait. Is this\'85\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Everest.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: It\'92s beautiful. \
The Ancient One: Yeah, you\'92re right.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Beautiful. It\cb1 \'92s freezing, but\'85 beautiful.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: At this temperature, a person can last for 13 minutes before suffering permanent loss of function.  \
Doctor Strange: Great.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: But you will likely go into shock within the first 2 minutes. \
\
Doctor Strange: What?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Surrender, Stephen.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No, no!!! Don\'92t!\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 How is our\cb1  new recruit?\uc0\u8232 \
- We shall see.\uc0\u8232 \
Any second now.\uc0\u8232 \
No, not again.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Maybe I \cb1 should\'85\uc0\u8232 \
\
Wong: Stephen.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Wong.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: What do you want, Strange?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Books on astral projection.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: You\'92re not ready for that.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Try me, Beyonc. Come on. You\'92ve heard of her. She\'92s a huge star, right? Do you ever laugh? Oh come on, just give me the book, huh?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: No. Once, in this room, you begged me to let you learn. Now I\'92m told you question every lesson, prefering to teach yourself.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Once, in this room, you told me to open my eyes.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Now I\'92m being told to blindly accept rules that make no sense.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Like the rule against conjuring a gateway in the library?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Wong told on me? \
The Ancient One: You\'92re advancing quickly with your sorcery skills. You need a safe space to practice your spells. You are now inside the Mirror Dimension. Ever present but undetected. The real world isn\'92t affected by what happens here. We use the Mirror Dimension to train, surveil, and sometimes to contain threats. You don\'92t want to be stuck in here without your sling ring.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Hold on. Sorry, what do you mean, threats?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Learning of an infinite multiverse included learning of infinite dangers. And if I told you everything else that you don\'92t already know, you\'92d run from here in terror.\
\
Doctor Strange: So, just how ancient is she?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: No one knows the age of the Sorcerer Supreme. Only that she is Celtic and never talks about her past.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You follow her even though you don\'92t know?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: I know that she\'92s steadfast, but unpredictable. Merciless, yet kind. She made me what I am. Trust your teacher. And don\'92t lose your way.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Like Kaecilius?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: That\'92s right.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You knew him.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: When he first came to us, he\'92d lost everyone he ever loved. He was a grieving and broken man, searching for answers in the mystic arts. A brilliant student, but he was proud, headstrong. Questioned the Ancient One, rejected our teaching. He left Kamar-Taj. His disciples followed him like sheep seduced by false doctrine.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: He stole the forbidden ritual, right?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Yeah.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What did it do?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: No more questions.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What\'92s that?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: That\'92s a question.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: This is a relic. Some magic is too powerful to sustain, so we imbue objects with it. Allowing them to take the strain we can not. This is the Staff of the Living Tribunal. There are many relics. The Wand of Watoomb. The Bolting Boots of Voltor.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: They just roll of the tongue, don\'92t they? When do I get my relic?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: When you\'92re ready.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I think I\'92m ready.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You\'92re ready when the relic decides you\'92re ready. For now, conjure a weapon.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yeah.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Fight! Fight like your life depended on it! Because one day, it may.\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Wong?\
Doctor Strange: Okay. First, open the Eye of Agamotto. Alright. Oh my.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Dorma\cb1 mmu. The Dark Dimension. Eternal life?\uc0\u8232 \
[after Strange has been caught reading the text Kaecilius stole and learning to bend time with the mystical Eye of Agamotto]\uc0\u8232 \
Karl \cb3 Mordo\cb1 : Stop!!! Tampering with the continuum of probability is forbidden!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'85 I wa\'85 I was just doing exactly what it said in the book!\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: And what did the book say about the dangers of performing that ritual?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yeah, I don\'92t know. I hadn\'92t gotten to that part yet.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Temporal manipulations can create branches in time. Unstable dimensional openings. Spacious paradoxes! Time loops!!! You want to get stuck reliving the same moment over, and over, forever, or never having existed at all?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: They really should put the warnings before that stuff.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Your curiosity could have gotten you killed. You weren\'92t manipulating the space-time continuum, you were wrecking it. We do not tamper with natural law. We defend it. How did you learn to do that? Where did you learn the litany of spells required to even understand it?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'92ve got a photographic memory. It\'92s how I got my M.D. and Ph.D. at the same time.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: What you just did takes more than a good memory. You were born for the mystic arts.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: And yet, my hands still shake.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: For now, yes.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Not forever?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: We\'92re not prophets.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: When do you start telling me what we are?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: While heroes like the Avengers protect the world from physical dangers, we sorcerers safeguard it against more mystical threats. The Ancient One is the latest in a long line of Sorcerers Supreme Going back thousands of years to the father of the mystic arts, the mighty Agamotto. The same sorcerer who created the eye you so recklessly borrowed. Agamotto built 3 Sanctums in places of power, where great cities now stand. That door leads to the Hong Kong Sanctum, that door to the New York Sanctum. That one, to the London Sanctum. Together, the Sanctums generate a protective shield around our world. The Sanctums protect the world, and we sorcerers protect the Sanctums.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: From what?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Other-dimensional beings that threaten our universe. \
\
Doctor Strange: Like Dormammu?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Where did you learn that name?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I just read it in the book of Cagliostro. Why?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Dormammu dwells in the Dark Dimension. Beyond time. He is the cosmic conquerer, the destroyer of worlds. A being of infinite power and endless hunger, on a quest to invade every universe and bring all worlds into his Dark Dimension. And he hungers for Earth most of all.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: The pages that Kaecilius stole.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: A ritual to contact Dormammu and draw power from the Dark Dimension.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Uuuh\'85 okay. Okay. I\'85 time-out. I\'85 I came here to heal my hands, not to fight in some mystical war.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 London\cb1 .\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius!\uc0\u8232 \
No!!!\uc0\u8232 \
Wong? Mordo?\uc0\u8232 \
177A Bleecker Street\uc0\u8232 \
Hello?\uc0\u8232 \
Hello?\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: Daniel. I see they made you Master of the Sanctum. Do you know what that means? That you\'92ll die protecting it.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Stop!\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: How long have you been at Kamar-TaJ, Mister\'85?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Doctor.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: Just Doctor?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: It\'92s Strange.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: Maybe. Who am I to judge? You don\'92t know how to use that, do you?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What?\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: You\'92ll die here.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Oh, stop it. I said, stop it!\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: You cannot stop this, Mr. Doctor. \
\
Doctor Strange: Why\'85 look, I don\'92t even know what "this" is.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: It\'92s the end and the beginning. The many becoming the few, becoming the One.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Look, if you\'92re not going to start making sense, I\'92m just going to have to put this thing back on.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: Tell me, Mr. Doctor.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Alright, look. My name is Dr. Stephen Strange.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: You are a doctor?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yes. \
\
\cb3 Kaecilius: A scientist.\cb1  You understand the laws of nature. All things age. All things die. In the end, our sun burns out, our universe grows cold and perishes. But the Dark Dimension\'85 it\'92s a place beyond time.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: That\'92s it. I\'92m putting this thing back on.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: This world doesn\'92t have to die, Doctor. This world can take its rightful place among so many others, as part of the One. The great and beautiful One. And we can all live forever.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Really? What do you have to gain out of this New Age dimensional utopia?\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: The same as you. The same as everyone. Life. Eternal life. People think in terms of good and evil, but really, time is the true enemy of us all. Time kills everything.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What about the people you killed?\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: Tiny, momentary specks within an indifferent universe. Yes. You see, you see what we\'92re doing? The world is not what it ought to be. Humanity longs for the eternal, for a world beyond time, because time is what enslaves us. Time is an insult. Death is an insult. Doctor\'85 We don\'92t seek to rule this world. We seek to save it, to hand it over to Dormammu, who is the intent of all evolution, the Why of all existence.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: The Sorcerer Supreme defends existence.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: What was it that brought you to Kamar-Taj, Doctor? Was it enlightenment? Power? You came to be healed, as did we all. Kamar-Taj is a place that collects broken things. We all come with the promise of being healed, but instead, the Ancient One gives us parlor tricks. The real magic she keeps for herself. Have you ever wondered how she managed to live this long?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'85 I saw the rituals in the book of Cagliostro.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: So, you know. The ritual gives me the power to overthrow the Ancient One and tear her Sanctums down, to let the Dark Dimension in. Because what the Ancient One hoards, Dormammu gives freely. Life, everlasting. He is not the destroyer of worlds, Doctor, he is the savior of worlds.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No. I mean, come on. Look at your face. Dormammu made you a murderer. Just how good can his kingdom be? You think that\'92s funny?\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: No. No, Doctor. What\'92s funny is that you\'92ve lost your sling ring.\uc0\u8232 \
Nurse: Sir, can I help you?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Dr. Palmer, where is she?\uc0\u8232 \
Nurse: Sir, we need to\'85 \
\
Doctor Strange: Where is she?\uc0\u8232 \
Nurse: At the nurses station.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Christine!\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Stephen? Oh my god. What\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: We need to get me on an operation table now. Just you. Now! I don\'92t have any time!\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: What happened?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Stabbed. Cardiac tamponade.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: What are you wearing?\uc0\u8232 \
The chest \cb3 cavity\cb1  is clear. The blood\'85 is in the pericardial sac.\uc0\u8232 \
No. No no no no no no no!\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Stephen! Stephen!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Just a little higher. Please be careful with the needle.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Stephen? Oh lord, oh lord. What am I seeing?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: My astral body.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Are you dead?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No, Christine, but I am dying.\uc0\u8232 \
Right. Right.\uc0\u8232 \
Yeah. Alright.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: I\'92ve\'85 I\'92ve never seen a wound like this before. What were you stabbed with?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I don\'92t know. I\'92m going to have to vanish now.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: No, I\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Keep me alive, will you?\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Okay! \cb1 Okay.\uc0\u8232 \
Oh shit!\uc0\u8232 \
Charging to 200 Joule\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Stephen, come on.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Hit me again!\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Stop doing that!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Up the voltage and hit me again.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: No, your heart is beating!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Just do it!\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Oh god! Are you ok?\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Hey\cb1  there.\uc0\u8232 \
Okay.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: After all this time, you just show up here, flying out of your body?\uc0\u8232 \

\b Doctor Strange: 
\b0 Yeah, I know. I missed you too, by the way. I wrote 2 emails, but you never responded.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Why would I?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Christine, I am so, so sorry. For all of it. And you were right, I was a complete asshole. I treated you so horribly and you deserved so much more.\
\
Christine Palmer: Stop. You\'85 you\'92re clearly in shock. I mean, what the hell is happening? Where have you been?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Well, after Western medicine failed me, I headed East, and I ended up in Kathmandu.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Kathmandu?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yeah.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: What, like the Bob Seger song?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: 1975, Beautiful Loser, side A. And then, I went to a place called Kamar-Taj and I talked to someone called the Ancient One, and\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Oh. So you joined a cult.\
\
Doctor Strange: No, I didn\'92t. Not exactly. I mean, they did teach me to tap into powers that I never even knew existed.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Yeah, that sounds like a cult.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: It\'92s not a cult.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Well, that\'92s what a cultist would say.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Oh, no.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Wait, Stephen\'85 what do you think you\'92re doing?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'92m late for a cult meeting.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: This is insane.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yeah.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Where are you going?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Uhm\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Just tell me the truth?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Well, a powerful sorcerer, who gave himself over to an ancient entity who can bend the very laws of physics, tried very hard to kill me, but I left him chained up in Greenwich Village, and the quickest way back there is through a dimensional gateway that I opened up in the mop closet.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Okay. Don\'92t tell me. Fine.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I really do have to go.\
\
\uc0\u8232 \
Strange! You\'92re okay.\uc0\u8232 \
A relative term, but yeah, I\'92m okay.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 The Cloak\cb1  of Levitation. It came to you. No minor feat. It\'92s a fickle thing.\uc0\u8232 \
He\'92s escaped.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Kaecilius? \
\
\cb3 Yeah\cb1 .\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: He can fold space and matter at will.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: He folds matter outside the mirror dimension? In the real world? \
\
Doctor Strange: Yeah.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: How many more?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Two. I stranded one in the desert. \
\
The Ancient One: And the other? \
\
Doctor Strange: His body was in the hall.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Master Drumm was in the foyer. He\'92s been taken back to Kamar-Taj. The London Sanctum has fallen. Only New York and Hong Kong remain now to shield us from the Dark Dimension. You defended the New York Sanctum from attack. With its Master gone, it needs another, Master Strange.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No. It is Dr. Strange. Not Master Strange, not Mr. Strange, Doctor Strange. When I became a doctor, I swore an oath to do no harm. And I have just killed a man! I\'92m not doing that again. I became a doctor to save lives, not take them.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: You become a doctor to save one life above all others. Your own.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Still seeing through me, are you?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: I see what I\'92ve always seen. Your overinflated ego. You want to go back to the delusion that you can control anything, even death, which no one can control. Not even the great doctor Stephen Strange.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Not even Dormammu?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: He offers immortality. It\'92s our fear of death that gives Dormammu life. He feeds off it.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Like you feed on him? You talk to me about controlling death. Well, I know how you do it. I\'92ve seen the missing rituals from the book of Cagliostro.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Measure your next words very carefully, doctor.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Because you might not like them?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Because you may not knowof what you speak.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: What is he talking about?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'92m talking about her long life. The source of her immortality. She draws power from the Dark Dimension to stay alive.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: That\'92s not true. \
\
Doctor Strange: I\'92ve seen the rituals and worked them out. I know how you do it.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Once they regroup, the zealots will be back. You\'92ll need reinforcements.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: She is not who you think she is.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You don\'92t have the right to say that. You have no idea of the responsibility that rests upon her shoulders.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No, and I don\'92t want to know.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You\'92re a coward.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Because I\'92m not a killer?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: These zealots will snuff us all out, and you can muster the strength to snuff them out first?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: What do you think I just did?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You saved your own life! And then whined about it like a wounded dog.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: When you would have done it so easily?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You have no idea. The things I\'92ve done\'85 And the answer is yes. Without hesitation.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Even if there\'92s another way?\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: There is no other way.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You lack imagination.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: No, Stephen. You lack a spine.\uc0\u8232 \
\
\cb3 They\'92\cb1 re back.\uc0\u8232 \
We have to end this. Now!\uc0\u8232 \
Strange! Get down here and fight!\uc0\u8232 \
The Mirror Dimension.\uc0\u8232 \
You can\'92t affect the real world in here.\uc0\u8232 \
Who\'92s laughing now, asshole?\uc0\u8232 \
I am.\uc0\u8232 \
They\'92ve got no sling ring. I mean, they can\'92t escape, right?\uc0\u8232 \
Run!\uc0\u8232 \
Their connection to the Dark Dimension makes them more powerful in the Mirror Dimension. They can\'92t affect the real world, but they can still kill us. This wasn\'92t clever. This was suicide!\uc0\u8232 \
That is hilarious.\uc0\u8232 \
This was a mistake.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Karl Mordo: It\'92s true.\cb1  She does draw power from the Dark Dimension.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Kaecilius.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: I came to you, broken, lost, bleeding. I trusted you to be my teacher, and you fed me lies.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: I tried to protect you.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: From the truth? \
\
The Ancient One: From yourself.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: I have a new teacher now.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Dormammu deceives you. You have no idea of what he truly is. His eternal life is not paradise, but torment. \
\
Kaecilius: Liar.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Christine!!!\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Are you kidding me? Oh my god.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No fibrillation\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: It\'92s neurogenic?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yes.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Nick\cb1 ?\uc0\u8232 \
We need to relieve the pressure on her brain.\uc0\u8232 \
She still drops. \
\
We\'92re losing her!\uc0\u8232 \
You need to increase her oxygen!\uc0\u8232 \
I need a crash cart!\uc0\u8232 \
Her pupils are dilated!\uc0\u8232 \
No reflexes.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 I\'92m not rea\cb1 ding any brain activity.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: What are you doing?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You\'92re dying! You have to return to your body now. You don\'92t have time.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Time is relative. Your body hasn\'92t even hit the floor yet. I\'92ve spent so many years peering through time, looking at this exact moment. But I can\'92t see past it. I\'92ve prevented countless terrible futures. And after each one, there\'92s always another. And they all lead here, but never further.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You think this is where you die.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Do you wonder what I see in your future?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No. Yes. \
\
The Ancient One: I never saw your future. Only its possibilities. You have such a capacity for goodness. You always excelled, but not because you crave success, but because of your fear of failure. It\'92s what made me a great doctor. It\'92s precisely what kept you from greatness. Arrogance and fear still keep you from learning the simplest and most significant lesson of all.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Which is?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: It\'92s not about you. When you first came to me, you asked me how I was able to heal Jonathan Pangborn. I didn\'92t. He channels dimensional energy directly into his own body. He uses magic to walk. Constantly. He had a choice, to return to to his own life or to serve something greater than himself.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: So, I could have my hands back again? My old life?\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: You could. And the world would be all the lesser for it. I\'92ve hated drawing power from the Dark Dimension. But as you well know, sometimes one must break the rules in order to serve the greater good.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Mordo won\'92t see it that way.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: Mordo\'92s soul is rigid and unmovable, forged by the fires of his youth. He needs your flexibility, just as you need his strength. Only together do you stand a chance of stopping Dormammu.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'92m not ready.\uc0\u8232 \
The Ancient One: No one ever is. We don\'92t get to choose our time. Death is what gives life meaning. To know your days are numbered, your time is short. You\'92d think after all this time I\'92d be ready. But look at me, stretching one moment out into a thousand, just so I can watch the snow.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Are yo\cb1 u okay?\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: I don\'92t understand what\'92s happening.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I know. But I have to go right now.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: You said that losing my hands didn\'92t have to be the end, that it could be a beginning.\uc0\u8232 \
Christine Palmer: Yeah.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Because there are other ways to save lives. A harder way. A weirder way.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Dr. \cb1 Palmer, the ER, please.\uc0\u8232 \
Dr. Palmer, the ER.\uc0\u8232 \
I don\'92t want to let you go.\uc0\u8232 \
Stop.\uc0\u8232 \
Hong Kong\uc0\u8232 \
Choose your weapon wisely.\uc0\u8232 \
No one steps foot in this Sanctum. No one.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: You\'92re on the wrong side of history, Wong.\uc0\u8232 \
\
Doctor Strange: She\'92s dead.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You were right. She wasn\'92t who I thought she was.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: She was complicated.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Complicated? The Dark Dimension is volatile. Dangerous. What if it overtook her? She taught us it was forbidden, while she drew on its power to steal centuries of life.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: She did what she thought was right.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: The bill comes due. Don\'92t you see? Her transgressions led the zealots to Dormammu. Kaecilius was her fault. And here we are, in the consequence of her deception. A world on fire.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 - Mord\cb1 o, London Sanctum has fallen. And New York has been attacked. Twice.\uc0\u8232 \
You know where they\'92re going next. \
\
Hong Kong. \
\
Doctor Strange: You told me once to fight as if my life depended on it, because one day, it might. Well, today is that day. I can not defeat them alone.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: The Sanctum has already fallen. The Dark Dimension. Dormammu is coming. It\'92s too late. Nothing can stop him.\uc0\u8232 \
Not necessarily.\uc0\u8232 \
No.\uc0\u8232 \
Spells working.\uc0\u8232 \
We got a second chance.\uc0\u8232 \
No!\uc0\u8232 \
Wong!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I\'92m breaking the laws of nature, I know.\uc0\u8232 \
Well, don\'92t stop now.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 When t\cb1 he Sanctum is restored, they will attack again. We have to defend it.\uc0\u8232 \
Come on!\uc0\u8232 \
Get up, Strange. Get up and fight!\uc0\u8232 \
We will finish this.\uc0\u8232 \
You can\'92t fight the inevitable.\uc0\u8232 \
Isn\'92t it beautiful? A world beyond time. Beyond death. Beyond time\'85\uc0\u8232 \
Strange!\uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\cb1 He\'92s gone.\
\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Dormammu! I\'92ve come to bargain.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: You\'92ve come to die. Your world is now my world, like all worlds.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Dormammu! I\'92ve come to bargain.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: You\'92ve come to die. Your world is now my world\'85 What is this? Illusion? \
\
Doctor Strange: No, this is real.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: Good.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Dormammu! I\'92ve come to bargain.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: You\'85 what is happening?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Just as you gave Kaecilius powers from your dimension,\'a0I\'92ve brought a little power from mine. This is time. An endless looped time.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: You dare!\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Dormammu! I\'92ve come to bargain.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: You cannot do this forever.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Actually, I can. This is how things are now. You and me, trapped in this moment, endlessly.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: Then you will spend eternity dying.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Yeah. But everyone on Earth will live.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: But you will suffer.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Pain is an old friend.\uc0\u8232 \
Dr. Strange: Dormammu! I\'92ve come to bargain.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: End this!\uc0\u8232 \
Dr. Strange: Dormammu!\'85 Dormammu!\'85 Dormammu!\'85 \uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: You will never win.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No\'85 But I can lose. Again, and again, and again, and again, forever. And that makes you my prisoner.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: No. Stop! Make this stop!!!Set me free! \uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: No. I\'92ve come to bargain.\uc0\u8232 \
Dormammu: Oh, what do you want?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Take your zealots from the Earth. End your assault on my world. Never come back. Do it, and I\'92ll break the loop.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Get up, Strange.\cb1  Get up and fight! We will finish this.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: Isn\'92t it beautiful? A world beyond time. Beyond death. What have you done?\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: I made a bargain.\uc0\u8232 \
Kaecilius: What is this? \
\
Doctor Strange: Well, it\'92s, uh\'85 it\'92s everything you ever wanted. Eternal life as part of the One. You\'92re not going to like it. I think he really should have stolen the whole book, because the warnings\'85 the warnings come after the spells.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Oh, t\cb1 hat\'92s funny.\uc0\u8232 \
We did it.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: Yes. Yes, we did it. By also violating the natural laws.\uc0\u8232 \
Doctor Strange: Look around you. It\'92s over.\uc0\u8232 \
Karl Mordo: You still think there will be no consequences, Strange? No price to pay? We broke our rules, just like her. The bill comes due. Always. A reckoning. I will follow this path no longer.\uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 Yeah, it\'92s \cb1 okay.\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: Wise choice. You\'92ll wear the Eye of Agamotto once you\'92ve mastered its powers. Until then, best not to walk the streets wearing an Infinity Stone.\uc0\u8232 \
Dr. Stephen Strange: A what?\uc0\u8232 \
Wong: You might have a gift for the mystic arts, but you still have much to learn. Word of the Ancient One\'92s death will spread through the Multiverse. Earth has no Sorcerer Supreme to defend it. We must be ready.\uc0\u8232 \
Dr. Stephen Strange: We\'92ll be ready.\uc0\u8232 \
}