{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Okay, hold on. Don't shoot. You see where you're going? \

\b LILA
\b0 : Mhm.\'a0 \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Okay, now let's worry about how you get there. 
\i [Clint corrects his daughter's foot to the proper position, and adjusts her shooting stance.]
\i0  \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Put your foot this way. Here.\'a0Can you see? \

\b LILA
\b0 : Yeah. \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 You sure? \

\b LILA:\'a0
\b0 Mhm. 
\i [Clint pushes Lila's hair in front of her face while covering her left eye.]
\i0  \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 How about now? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 [
\i \ulnone Both Lila and Clint giggle, as the camera panels into a long shot showing a target nailed on a tree, and the rest of Barton family having a picnic in the field.
\i0 ] \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Alright. Ready your fingers. \

\b COOPER:\'a0
\b0 Nice. \

\b LAURA:\'a0
\b0 Nice throw, kiddo. \

\b COOPER:\'a0
\b0 You go. \

\b LAURA:\'a0
\b0 Hey, you guys want mayo or mustard, or both? 
\i [Camera switches to Lila who then proceeds to look at Clint.]
\i0  \

\b Lila:\'a0
\b0 Who wants mayo on a hotdog? \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Probably your brothers.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Clint looks at his wife, Laura]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Uh, two mustard, please! Thanks, mama. 
\i [Camera switches to Laura facing Nathaniel]
\i0  \

\b LAURA:\'a0
\b0 Mayo or mustard? \

\b NATHANIEL:\'a0
\b0 How about ketchup? \

\b LAURA:\'a0
\b0 Ketchup? 
\i [Camera switches back to Clint and his daughter]
\i0  \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Mind your elbow. 
\i [Lila releases the arrow and it hits the target directly in the bullseye.]
\i0  \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Hahaha! Good job, Hawkeye. Go get your arrow. \

\b LAURA:\'a0
\b0 Hey guys! Enough practice, soup's on! \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Alright, we're coming; we're hungry. 
\i [Clint looks behind him, but there's no one there, but dust being blown away by the wind.]
\i0  \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Lila, let's go. 
\i [Clint starts to look around]
\i0  \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Lila? 
\i [Clint starts to move and look around, and pick up the bow she had.]
\i0  \

\b CLINT:\'a0
\b0 Honey? Hey, babe! Babe? Babe? Boys? Boys? Laura? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Lightning crackles]
\i0  \
[
\b SOMEWHERE IN SPACE]
\b0  \

\i [Opening sequence begins with Dear Mr Fantasy playing]
\i0  \

\i [Scene switches to Nebula and Tony on the ship playing paper football]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NEBULA:\'a0
\b0 Wrra! 
\i [Nebula, frustrated, puts her hands in a fighting stance while looking at Tony]
\i0  \

\b TONY:\'a0
\b0 You don't need to do that. Because uh... you're just holding position. 
\i [Nebula flicks a paper football towards Tony]
\i0  \

\b TONY: 
\b0 Oh yeah, that was close. 
\i [Nebula once again flicks a paper football towards Tony]
\i0  \

\b TONY:\'a0
\b0 That's a goal. You're now one a piece. \

\b NEBULA:\'a0
\b0 I would like to try again. 
\i [Nebula flicks a paper football towards Tony]
\i0  \

\b TONY:\'a0
\b0 We tied up. Feel the tension? It's fun.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Tony poorly flicks a paper football towards Nebula]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:\'a0
\b0 That was terrible. Now you have a chance to win. 
\i [Nebula flicks the paper football towards Tony]
\i0  \

\b TONY:\'a0
\b0 And... you've won. Congratulations.\'a0 
\i [Tony reaches his hand out to shake Nebula's hand]
\i0  \

\b TONY:\'a0
\b0 Fair game. Good sport. 
\i [Nebula shakes Tony's hand]
\i0  \

\b TONY:\'a0
\b0 Have fun? \

\b NEBULA:\'a0
\b0 It was fun.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Camera switches\'a0to see Iron Man's busted helmet. Tony Stark's hand reaches forward to turn on the helmet. We pan out to see that he's sitting on the floor of a gloomy Benatar.\'a0The weight of the recent events of INFINITY WAR evident in Tony's posture. He taps the helmet with a sigh.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  This thing on? 
\i [The helmet scans Tony. Tony leans against the wall while taking deep breaths. He looks weak and malnutrition.]
\i0  \

\b TONY:
\b0  Hey, Miss Potts... Pep. \

\b TONY:\'a0
\b0 If you find this recording, don't post it on social media. It's gonna be a real tear-jerker. I don't\'a0know if you're ever going to see these. I don't even know if you're... if you're still... Oh god,\'a0 I hope so. \

\b TONY:
\b0 \'a0Today is day\'a021, uh 22. 
\i [Cut to Tony standing at a window to stare out in space, waiting for his impending doom to arrive.]
\i0  \

\b TONY: 
\b0 You know, if it wasn't for the existential terror of staring into a void of space, I'd say I'm feeling better today. The infection's run its course, Thanks to the blue meanie back there. 
\i [Cut to a shot of Nebula sitting in the back of the Benatar.]
\i0  \

\b TONY:
\b0  You'd love her. Very practical. Only a tiny bit sadistic. Some fuel cells were cracked during battle, but we figured out a way to reverse the ion charge to buy ourselves about 48 hours of time. 
\i [A shot of Tony and Nebual working on the fuel cells of the Benatar.]
\i0  \

\b TONY:
\b0 \'a0But it's now dead in the water. We're 1000 light years from the nearest 7 -11. Oxygen will run out tomorrow. And that'll be it. And Pep, I ... I know I said no more surprises, but I was really hooping to pull off one last one. But it looks like... well you know what it looks like. Don't feel bad about this. I mean, if you grovel for a couple of weeks, and then move on with enormous guilt. I should probably lie down. Please know that... when I drift off, I will think about you. It's always you. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [With that, Tony turns the helmet off. He rubs his thumb over the left eye, and then leans down, to what would be his last sleep. Nebula walks over to him, and carries him to Drax's seat, and lies hime there. She walks away dejected.]
\i0  \

\i [Cut to a shot of Tony's face, which for the first time shows age and weakness. There is a light on his face, which grows brighter and brighter, until he's forced to open his eyes. The camera pans around to the light source, which is slowly revealed to be CAPTAIN MARVEL.]
\i0  \

\i [A bathroom in the Avengers compound. We see Steve Rogers holding a blade, having just shaved off his beard. He sighs, and looks into a side mirror. The mirror suddenly starts shaking, slowly at first, and then severely. Cut to the yard in the Avengers Compound, we see Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, Bruce Banner and James Rhodes walking out looking at something, the Benatar carried by Captain Marvel as she lands the spacecraft. The landing gears deploy as they touch down. The entry hatch opens, and Tony and Nebula walk out, Tony being supported by Nebula. Steve runs to Tony to help him stand up. Tony grips Steve's arm as he joins him.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  I couldn't stop him. \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 Neither could I. \

\b TONY:
\b0  I lost the kid. \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 Tony, we lost. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Is ummm... 
\i [Tony struggles to ask about Pepper.]
\i0  \

\b PEPPER: 
\b0 Oh my god! 
\i [She and Tony embrace.]
\i0  \

\b TONY: 
\b0 It's okay. 
\i [In the Avengers Compound. The heroes are sitting in a living room area. Tony is sitting at a table, getting blood for healing.]
\i0  \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 It's been 23 days since Thanos came to Earth. World governments are in pieces. The parts that are still working are trying to take a census. An it looks like he did... exactly what he said he was going to do. Thanos wiped out fifty percent, of all living creatures. \

\b TONY
\b0 :
\b  
\b0 Where is he now? Where? \

\b STEVE:
\b0  We don't know. \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  He just opened a portal and walked through. 
\i [Cut to a shot of a sullen looking Thor, sitting on a bench, seemingly deep in thought.]
\i0  \

\b TONY:
\b0  What's wrong with him? \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  He's pissed. He thinks he failed. Which of course he did, but there's a lot of that's goin' around, ain't there? \

\b TONY: 
\b0 Honestly, until this exact second, I though you were a Build-A-Bear. \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  Maybe I am. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  We've been hunting Thanos for three weeks now. Deep Space scans and satellites, and we got nothing. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Tony, you fought him. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Who told you that? I didn't fight him. No, he wiped my face with a planet while the Bleecker Street Magician gave away the stone. That's what happened. There was no fight. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Did he give you any clues, any coordinates, anything? \

\b TONY:
\b0  Pfft! I saw this coming a few years back. I had a vision. I didn't wanna believe it. Thought I was dreaming. \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 Tony, I'm gonna need you to focus. \

\b TONY:
\b0  And I needed you. As in past tense. That trumps what you need. It's too late buddy. Sorry. You know what I need.\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Tony stands, pushing things off the table with a clatter. Everyone winces at the noise.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  I need to shave. And I believe I remember telling 
\i you
\i0 , Cap. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Tony goes for Steve. Rhodey quickly comes in front of him, trying to stop him.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 RHODEY:
\b0  Tony, Tony, Tony, stop! \

\b TONY:
\b0  Otherwise what we needed was a suit of armor around the world! Remember that? Wether it impacted our precious freedom or not- 
\i that's
\i0  what we needed! \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Well, that didn't work out, did it? \

\b TONY:
\b0  I said, "we'll lose". You said, "We'll do that together too." And guess what, cap? We lost. You weren't there. But that's what we do, right? Our best work after the fact? We're the Avengers, we're the 
\i A
\i0 vengers. Not the 
\i Pre
\i0 vengers, right? \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Okay, you made your point. Just sit down, ok? \

\b TONY:
\b0  Nah, nah, nah. 
\i [He pushes Rhodey away]
\i0  Here's my point. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Sit down! \

\b TONY:
\b0  [Referring to Carol] She's great, by the way. We need you. You're new blood.\'a0 \

\b RHODEY
\b0 : Tony! \

\b TONY
\b0 : Bunch of tired old mills! I got nothing for you, cap! I got no coordinates, no clues, no plan, no options. Zero. Zip. Nada. No trust. 
\i Liar
\i0 .\'a0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Steve looks affected by Tony's words. The old friends just gaze at each other. After a moment, Tony rips his Arc Reactor from his chest and shoves it into Steve's hand.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  Here, take this. You find him, and you put that on. You hide. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Tony falls to the ground. Steve is by his side and everyone is starting to gather.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 STEVE:
\b0  Tony! \

\b TONY
\b0 : I'm fine. I... \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Tony falls into a heap, unconscious.]\'a0
\i0  \

\i [Cut to a shot of Tony on a bed, with pepper at his side.
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 RHODEY:
\b0  Bruce gave him sedative. He's gonna be out for the rest of the day. \

\b CAROL
\b0 :
\b  
\b0 You guys take care of him. And I'll bring Xorrian Elixir when I come back. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Where are you going? \

\b CAROL:
\b0  To kill Thanos. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  You know, we usually work as a team around here, and between you and I, we're also a little fragile. We realize this is more your territory, but this is our fight too. \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  Do you even know where he is? \

\b CAROL:
\b0  I know people who might. \

\b NEBULA:
\b0  Don't bother. I can tell you where Thanos is. Thanos spent a long time trying to perfect me. Then when he worked, he talked about his great plan. Even disassembled, I wanted to please him. I'd ask "where would we go once his plan was complete?". His answer was always the same: To the Garden. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  That's cute, Thanos has a retirement plan. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  So where is he then? \

\b ROCKET: 
\b0 When Thanos snapped his fingers, Earth became ground zero for a power surge of ridiculously cosmic proportions. No one's ever seen anything like it... Until two days ago. 
\i [A hologram of a planet pops up, with a shockwave visibly traversing the surface.]
\i0  \

\b NEBULA: 
\b0 On this planet. Thanos is there. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  He used the stones again. \

\b BRUCE: 
\b0 Hey, Hey, we'd be going in short-handed, you know. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Look, he's still got the stones, so... \

\b CAROL:
\b0  So let's get him. We'll use them to bring everyone back. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Just like that? \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Yeah, just like that. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Steve and Carol share a knowing look.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NATASHA: 
\b0 Even if there's a small chance that we can undo this... I mean we owe it to everyone who's not in this room to try. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before? \

\b CAROL:
\b0  Because before, you didn't have me. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Hey, new girl, everyone here is about that superhero life. And if you don't mind my asking, where the hell have you been all this time. \

\b CAROL:
\b0  There are a lot of other planets in the universe. And unfortunately, they didn't have you guys. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor, who has been eating a snack behind all this time, stands up and walks over to Carol. He holds his hand up, and catcher Stormbreaker as it flies over to him, missing Carol by inches. But Carol doesn't even flinch, instead smiling at the God of Thunder.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 THOR:
\b0  I like this one. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Let's go get this son of a bitch. 
\i [Cut to a shot of everyone except for Carol and Tony aboard the Benatar.]
\i0  \

\b ROCKET: 
\b0 Okay, who here hasn't been to space? 
\i [Nat, Cap, and Rhodey raise their hands.]
\i0  \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Why? \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  You better not throw up on my ship. Approaching jump in 3... 2... 1! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [The ship jumps forward into a wormhole, and we see Steve holding onto his seat for dear life. The ship slows down, and the ship hovers in orbit of the planet seen in the hologram previously. Captain Marvel hovers in front of the Benatar.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 CAROL:
\b0  I'll head down for ground recon. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [A shot of the passengers inside the Benatar preparing for the impending confrontation.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NATASHA:
\b0  This is gonna work, Steve. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  I know it will. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We see Steve holding a compass with an image of Peggy Carter.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 STEVE: 
\b0 Because I don't know what I'm going to do if it doesn't. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Captain Marvel approaches the Benatar.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 CAROL:
\b0  No satellites, no ships, no armies, no ground defenses of any kind. It's just him. \

\b NEBULA:
\b0  Then that's enough. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to a shot of the burnt Infinity Gauntlet on Thanos' Arm. He's walking among his crops, harvesting fruit, and putting them in a bucket. He walks over to a shed, presumably his living quarters, and tries to sit down, and we see his full face. His whole left side is burn with blisters; He looks ridiculously pathetic compared to when we saw him last.]
\i0  \

\i [Suddenly, Captain Marvel flies through the roof, knocking Thanos down, and grabbing his neck. Bruce in the Hulkbuster armour bursts from the ground, and grabs Thanos' Infinity Gauntlet arm. Thor flies in and slices off the Infinity Gauntlet. Rhodey flies down with Rocket and aims guns on Thanos' head.]
\i0  \

\i [Captain America walks in his Winter Soldier Outfit, with Natasha right behind him, staring murderously at Thanos. Rocket goes over to the sliced off Infinity Gauntlet, and kicks it over, as everyone realizes that there are no stones in it.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 ROCKET: 
\b0 Oh no. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  Where are they? \

\b CAROL:
\b0  Answer the question! \

\b THANOS: 
\b0 The universe required correction. After that, the stones served no purpose, beyond temptation. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  You murdered trillions! \

\b THANOS:
\b0  You should be thankful. \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 Where are the stones? \

\b THANOS:
\b0  Gone. Reduced to atoms. \

\b BRUCE: 
\b0 You used them two days ago! \

\b THANOS:
\b0  I used the stones to destroy the stones. It... nearly killed me. But the work is done. it always will be. I am inevitable. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  We have to tear this place apart, he has to be lying. \

\b NEBULA:
\b0  My father is many things. A liar is not one of them. \

\b THANOS:
\b0  Thank you, daughter. Perhaps I treated you too harshly. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We cut to see Thor, his face filled with rage as he raises to summon Stormbreaker, and before anyone can stop him, SLICES Thanos' head off. Thanos' limp body falls to the floor.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 ROCKET:
\b0  What... What did you do? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor looks broken, realizing what he has done.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 THOR: 
\b0 I went for the head. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor slowly walks out of the shed, no real purpose in his steps as the screen blurs to nothingness.]
\i0  \

\i 5 
\i0 \

\i [A pause]
\i0  \

\i YEARS LATER
\i0  \

\i [We see shots of New York City, seemingly abandoned. There are a lot of boats gathered around a dock, all abandoned. A baseball stadium comes into view, with no life present at all. The aftermath of the Decimation is evident, and Earth has not coped well.]
\i0  \

\i [Cut to an abandoned cafe, with a poster on the wall labelled "WHERE DO WE GO, NOW THAT THEY'RE GONE?". A therapy session is taking place, with Steve Rogers and seven other people discussing life as it is now. Right now, a man (Joe Russo) is talking about returning to normal life.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 MAN #1: 
\b0 So I, uh... Went on a date the other day. First time in five years, you know? Sit there, dinner... I didn't know what to talk about. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  What did you talk about? \

\b MAN #1:
\b0  Same old crap, you know? How things have changed, and... my job, his job... How much we miss the Mets. Then things get quiet... He cried as they were serving the salads. \

\b MAN #2:
\b0  How about you? \

\b MAN #1:
\b0  I cried just before dessert. But I'm seeing him tomorrow, so... \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 That's great. You did the hardest part. You took the jump, you didn't know where you were gonna come down. 
\i [Another man during the therapy session is seen starting to tear up.]
\i0  And that's it. That's those little brave baby steps you gotta take. To try and become whole again. To try and find purpose. I went in the ice in '45 right after I met the love of my life. Woke up 70 years later. You got to move on. Got to move on. The world is in our hands. It's left to us guys, and we have to do something with it. Otherwise... Thanos should have killed us all. \
[
\b Screen Title: SAN FRANSCISCO]
\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [The camera pans to San Francisco Bridge, all the way to a self-storage facility with a sign saying "U-STORE It, SELF STORAGE", with its interior filled stored stuff and junk until it spots Luis' van from "Ant-Man and the Wasp", behind a metallic fence with a label named "LANG". A rat crawls over the van's rear windshield and accidentally activates the controls for opening the Quantum Realm, haphazardly activating the Quantum Realm. The rear door busts open, flinging Lang outside the van.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\i\b0 [grunts as he pushes away a cushion out of his body, and deactivates the helmet, but still grunting in pain, as he sweeps away sparks from an electrical failure out of his suit, then try to stand up.] 
\i0 What the hell? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [He manages to stand up, as another electrical failure sparks out of his gauntlets, and now looks around in a confused look.] 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\b0 Hope? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Inside a security office, a security guard (Ken Jeong) reading a book as he looks upon his security screen, seeing something going on in one of the storage facilities. In the cameras, it shows Lang in his casual clothing, waving a sign with the word "HELP" written on it.]
\i0  \

\i [Outside the facility, he pulls out a pushcart and looks back seeing the guard giving a stern look from far. He walks around until reaching his hometown, finding a post filled with MISSING posters, abandoned houses, a wrecked car, nothing but desolation. He then sees a kid in a bike pass by.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\i\b0 [yells] 
\i0 Kid! Hey kid! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [The kid stops his bike as he stares back in a serious look.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\b0 What the hell happened here? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [The kid still stares at him and is almost about to tear up, but immediately turns away from him and move on. Lang still gives the same confused look, as he arrives in somewhat a memorial called "THE VANISHED", with all the names of the people who became victims of the Decimation. As Lang arrives on one of the engraved stones, he immediately drops the handle in shock.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\b0 No. Please. Please, please. 
\i [moves on to check the other side of the engraved stone] 
\i0 No, no, no. No. 
\i [Lang excuses aside a young couple as he keeps on checking another engraved stone if her daughter hadn't had her name on one.] 
\i0 Excuse me, sorry. No, Cassie, no. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [The camera keeps panning and switching as Lang checks the rest of engraved stones if her daughter's name was in one.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\i\b0 [in a mantra-like] 
\i0 Please, please, please, please... No, Cassie. 
\i [Lang looks at the engraved stone in shock, revealing his name in it.]
\i0  \

\b SCOTT: 
\b0 What? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Scott is now seen running across the memorial, then to his hometown, only to ring a doorbell at his house, bang on the door, and try opening the door, but is found locked. Then, he sees a feminine figure appear out of a hallway inside. The figure gets closer, revealing a woman in a purple sweater, with her hand pushing towards the glass door's window, and her face filled with amazement, as she unlocked the door. It was Lang's daughter, Cassie, now a grown-up teen since the last five years.]
\i0  \

\i [Cassie, who hasn't seen him for five years, holds up his face in an emotional sight and starts to smile tearfully. Lang does the same.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\b0 Cassie? \

\b CASSIE: 
\b0 Dad? 
\i [Both of them emotionally hug each other as both dad and daughter had reunited. Then Lang shoves her back, realizing that her daughter is now a full-grown teenager.]
\i0  \

\b SCOTT: 
\b0 You're so big! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Both dad and daughter share a hug once more.]
\i0  \

\i [The camera cuts to a sunset in San Francisco, showing a metal face with a sign saying in its headings, "RESTRICTED AREA, DO NOT ENTER" with the subtext, "AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY BEYOND THIS POINT, SECURITY ID OR ESCORT REQUIRED", then cuts to a scene inside a new Avengers facility, someone cutting the two bread with peanut butter filling into a couple of triangles, as someone else was speaking. The camera pans up to Romanoff, now having red, long hair, overcoloring her blonde streaks, hearing Rocket Raccoon out about his status so far.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 ROCKET: 
\b0 Yeah, we boarded that highly suspect warship that Danvers pinged. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [The camera cuts showing a few of the Avengers in holographic calls from the left to right, respectively: Nebula and Rocket Raccoon, Okoye, Danvers with a tomboyish haircut, and Rhodes.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NEBULA: 
\b0 It was an infectious garbage scowl. \

\b ROCKET: 
\b0 So, thanks for the hot tip. 
\i [turns to Danvers and replies back with a smirk]
\i0  \

\b CAROL: 
\b0 Well, you were closer. \

\b ROCKET: 
\b0 Yeah. And we smell like garbage. \

\b NATASHA: 
\i\b0 [turns to Okoye] 
\i0 You get a reading on those tremors? \

\b OKOYE: 
\b0 It was a mild subduction under the African plate. \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 Do we have a visual? How are we handling it? \

\b OKOYE: 
\b0 Nat, it's an earthquake under the ocean. We handle it by not handling it. \

\b NATASHA: 
\i\b0 [turns to Danvers] 
\i0 Carol, are we seeing you here next month? \

\b CAROL: 
\b0 Not likely. \

\b ROCKET: 
\i\b0 [realizing that she got a new haircut] 
\i0 What, you gonna get a new haircut? \

\b CAROL: 
\i\b0 [irritated] 
\i0 Listen fur-face, I'm covering a lot of territory. The things that are happening on Earth, are happening everywhere, on thousands of planets. \

\b ROCKET: 
\i\b0 [murmurs to himself] 
\i0 That's a good point. That's a good point. \

\b CAROL: 
\b0 So you might not see me for a long time. \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 Alright. Uh, well. This channel is always active. So, anything goes sideways... anyone's making trouble where they shouldn't... comes through me. \

\b OKOYE: 
\b0 Okay. \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 Alright. 
\i [One by one, the Avengers cut off their calls one by one...]
\i0  \

\b CAROL: 
\b0 Good luck. 
\i [cuts off call]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [...except for Rhodes. Nat sighs exhausted, and sits down, as she notices Rhodes still online in the call.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NATASHA: 
\b0 Where are you? \

\b RHODEY: 
\b0 Mexico. The federales found a room filled with bodies. Looks like a bunch of cartel guys. Never even had the chance to get their guns off. \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 It's probably a rival gang. \

\b RHODEY: 
\b0 Except it isn't. 
\i [Nat realizes something.]
\i0  \

\b RHODEY: 
\b0 It's definitely Barton. What he's done here, what he's been doing for the last few years... I mean, the scene that he left... \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Nat starts to show signs of sadness as she gradually tears up.] 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 RHODEY: 
\b0 I gotta tell you, there's a part of me that doesn't even want to find him. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [In an abrupt moment of silence, she tries to chew her tears and emotional feelings as she eats a sandwich.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NATASHA: 
\b0 Will you find out where he's going next? \

\b RHODEY: 
\b0 Nat... \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 Please. \

\b RHODEY: 
\i\b0 [reluctantly] 
\i0 Okay. 
\i [then Rhodes cuts off his]
\i0  
\i [Nat starts to cry as she tries to hold back her tears miserably.]
\i0  \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 You know I'd offer to cook you dinner but you seem pretty miserable already. 
\i [Out of nowhere, Roger slumps over a bookshelf, in the same mood as he is in the therapy session, as Nat wipes off the tears off her face.]
\i0  \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 You here to do your laundry? \

\b ROGERS: 
\b0 And to see a friend. \

\b NATASHA: 
\i\b0 [referring to herself] 
\i0 Clearly, your friend is fine. \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 You know I saw a pod of whales when I was coming up the bridge. \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 In the Hudson? \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 There's fewer ships, cleaner water. \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 You know, if you're about to tell me to look on the bright side. Um... I'm about you to hit you in the head with a peanut butter sandwich. 
\i [jokingly smiles, as Rogers does the same]
\i0  \

\b STEVE: 
\i\b0 [Walks and talks to her...] 
\i0 Sorry. Force of habit. 
\i [...and throws his jacket, then sits down on another chair.]
\i0  \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 You know, I keep telling everyone they should move on and... grow. Some do. But not us. \

\b NATASHA: 
\b0 If I move on, who does this? \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Maybe it doesn't need to be done. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  
\i [Deep in her thoughts]
\i0  I used to have nothing. Then I got this. This job... this family. And I was... I was better because of it. And even though... they're gone... I'm still trying to be better. \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 We both need to get a life. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  
\i [Smiling] 
\i0 You first. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [A camera footage pops up in front of them, showing Scott Lang with his Quantum Realm Van behind him.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT:
\b0  Uh... Hi. Hi! Is anyone home? This is Scott Lang. We met a few years ago, at the airport? In Germany? I got really big, and I had my mask on. You wouldn't recognize me. \

\b STEVE: 
\i\b0 [Standing up]
\i0  Is this an old message? \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  
\i [Also standing up]
\i0  It's the front gate. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Ant-man? Ant-man, I know you know that. I need to talk to you guys. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to Scott inside the Avengers Compound, pacing worriedly in front of Steve and Natasha.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 STEVE:
\b0  Are you okay? \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Yeah. I'm fine. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [He struggles to ask about something. He finally blurts it out.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT:
\b0  Have either of you ever studied Quantum Physics? \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  Only in mid-conversation. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Alright. So... five years ago, right before Thanos, I was in a place called the Quantum Realm. The Quantum Realm is like its own microscopic universe. To get in there, you have to be incredibly small. Hope, she's my... She was my... 
\i [struggling to not tell the entire truth about their relationship]
\i0  She was supposed to pull me out. And then Thanos happened, and I got stuck in there. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  I'm sorry. That must've been a very long five years. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Yeah, but that's just it. For me it was five hours. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Steve and Nat share a quick bewildered glance.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT: 
\b0 See, the rules of the Quantum Realm aren't like they are up here. Everything is unpredictable. Is that anybody's sandwich? I'm starving. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [He strides over to pick up Nat's sandwich, and bites into it.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 STEVE:
\b0  Scott, what are you talking about? \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  What I'm saying is, time works differently in the Quantum Realm. The only problem is right now, we don't have a way to navigate it. But what if we did? I can't stop thinking about it. What if, we could somehow control the chaos, and we could navigate it? What if there was a way to enter the Quantum Realm at a certain point in time but then exit at another point in time? Like... Like before Thanos. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Wait, are you talking about a time machine? \

\b SCOTT: 
\b0 No. No, of course not. No, not a time machine. It's more like a... Yeah, a time machine. I know it's crazy. But I can't stop thinking about it. There's gotta be some way... No, it's crazy. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  I get e-mails from a raccoon, so nothing sounds crazy anymore. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  So who do we talk to about this? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We cut to a cabin in the woods, at the bank of a lake. We see Tony Stark sitting outside what looks like a tiny shed.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY: 
\b0 Chow time! 
\i [He seems to be speaking to someone unknown by the audience.]
\i0  \

\b TONY:
\b0  Morgoona? Morgan H. Stark. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [A girl with long dark hair walks out in front of Tony. This is Morgan Stark, Tony and Pepper's daughter. She looks to be about 3-4 years of age.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  Want some lunch? Define lunch or be disintegrated. 
\i [She puts on a helmet similar to Iron Man, with white replacing the red.]
\i0  \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  Okay. \

\b TONY:
\b0  You should not be wearing that, okay? That is part of a special anniversary gift I'm making for Mom. 
\i [Takes the helmet off Morgan's head. She emerges out smiling mischievously.]
\i0  There you go. Are you thinking about lunch? Want a handful of crickets? \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  No. \

\b TONY:
\b0  That's what you want. How did you find this? \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  Garage. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Really? Were you looking for it? \

\b MORGAN: 
\b0 No. I found it though. \

\b TONY:
\b0  You like going to the garage, huh? So does daddy. It's fine, actually. Mum never wears anything I wear. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [They start walking towards the house, but Tony notices a black Audi pulling coming to a stop a few metres away. Steve, Nat and Scott get out of the car. Tony sighs. He is not looking forward to the discussion about to take place.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT:
\b0  
\i [Cut to after Scott's plan has been explained to Tony] 
\i0 Now, we know what it sounds like... \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 Tony, after everything you've seen, is anything really impossible? \

\b TONY: 
\b0 Quantum fluctuation messes with the Planck scale, which then triggers the Deutsch proposition. Can we agree on that? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Scott, Steve and Nat all look puzzled. Science is barely any of their fields.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY: 
\b0 Thank-you. In Layman's terms, it means you're not coming home. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  I did. \

\b TONY:
\b0  No, you accidentally survived. It's a billion to one cosmic fluke. And now you wanna pull off a... What do you call it? \

\b SCOTT: 
\i\b0 [looking embarrassed]
\i0  A time heist? \

\b TONY:
\b0  Yeah, a time heist. Of course, why didn't we think of this before? Oh, because it's laughable? Because it's a pipedream? \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  The stones are in the past. We can go back and get them. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  We can snap our own fingers. We can bring everyone back. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Or screw it up worse than he already has, right? \

\b STEVE:
\b0  I don't believe we would. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Gotta say, sometimes I miss that giddy optimism. However, high hopes won't help if there's no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute said time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel. That means no talking to our past selves, no betting on sporting events - \

\b TONY:
\b0  I'm gonna stop you right there, Scott. Are you seriously telling me that your plan to save the universe is based on Back To The Future? \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  No. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Good. You had me worried there. 'Cause that'd be horse shit. That's not how quantum physics works. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  Tony... We have to take a stand. \

\b TONY:
\b0  We did stand. And yet, here we are. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  I know you got a lot on the line. You got a wife, a daughter. But I lost someone very important to me. A lot of people did. And now, now we have a chance to bring her back. Bring everyone back. And you're telling me that won't even... \

\b TONY:
\b0  That's right, Scott, I won't. Leave it. Got a kid. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Morgan runs to her dad, who picks her up.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 MORGAN: 
\b0 Mommy told me to come and save you. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Good job. I'm saved. 
\i [Turning to face Cap, Nat and Scott.] 
\i0 I wish you'd come here to ask me something else. Anything else. Honestly, I... I missed you guys, it was... Oh, and table's set for six. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Tony, I get it. And I'm happy for you, I really am. But this is a second chance. \

\b TONY:
\b0  I got my second chance right here, Cap. I can't roll the dice again. If you don't talk shop, you can stay for lunch. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We see Cap, Nat and Scott walking back to their car outside Tony's house.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NATASHA: 
\b0 He's scared. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  He's not wrong. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Yeah, but I mean, what are we gonna do? We need him. What, are we gonna top? \

\b STEVE:
\b0  No, I wanna do it right. We're gonna need a really big brain. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  
\i [Incredulous, pointing to Tony's house]
\i0  Bigger than his? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to a cafe somewhere, we see Bruce Banner, but not the same one that we remember. He looks more... green.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE:
\b0  Come on, I feel like I'm the only one eating. 
\i [Pushing a plate forward] 
\i0 Try some of that. Have some eggs. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  I'm so confused. \

\b BRUCE: 
\i\b0 [seriously] 
\i0 These are confusing times. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Right. No, no, that's not what I meant. \

\b BRUCE:
\i\b0  [dropping the act]
\i0  No, I get it. I'm kidding! I know. It's crazy. I'm wearing shirts now. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Yeah! How? Why? \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Five years ago, we got our asses beat. Except it was worse for me. Because I lost twice. First, Hulk lost, then Banner lost. Then, we all lost. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  No one blamed you, Bruce. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I did. For years, I've been treating the Hulk like he's some kind of disease, something to get rid of. But then I started looking at him as the cure. Eighteen months in a gamma lab. I put the brains and the brawn together. And now look at me. Bets of both worlds... \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Three children behind Bruce walk up to him tentatively]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 GIRL: 
\b0 Excuse me, Mr. Hulk? \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Yes? \

\b GIRL: 
\b0 Can we get a photo? \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  100%, little person. Come on, step up. 
\i [Holding out the phone to Scott] 
\i0 You mind? \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Oh. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Say "green"! 
\i [The children and Bruce say Green as Scott snaps the photo.]
\i0  \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Did you get that? That's good. \

\b SCOTT: 
\i\b0 [leaning forward to hand back the phone] 
\i0 Don't you wanna grab one with me? I'm Ant-Man. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  They're Hulk fans, they don't know Ant-Man. Nobody does. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Wait, no, no, he wants to... 
\i [to one of the boys]
\i0  You want to take a picture with him, right? 
\i [The boy shakes his head vigorously.]
\i0  \

\b SCOTT: 
\b0 He's even saying no he doesn't. I get it. I don't want it either. I don't want a picture with them. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  
\i [To the children] 
\i0 He's gonna feel bad. 
\i [To Scott]
\i0  Sorry. They said they'd do it. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  I don't want it anymore. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  You'd feel bad. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Just take the goddamn phone. \

\b GIRL:
\b0  Thank you, Mr. Hulk. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  No, it's great kids. Thank you very much. Hulk out! \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Bruce. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  
\i [Awkwardly]
\i0  Dab! \

\b STEVE: 
\b0 Bruce. \

\b BRUCE: 
\b0 Listen to your Mom. She knows better. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  About we were saying... \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Right. The whole time travel do-over? Guys, it's outside my area of expertise. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  Well, you pulled this off. I remember a time when that seemed pretty impossible time, too. \
[
\i The scene cuts to Tony Stark in the kitchen washing dishes after dinner. As he finishes the last of them, stumbles upon a photo of both Stark and Parker, with Parker holding his Stark Internship certificate. Tony finally knows what he's fighting for.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to Tony talking to his computer, generating a holographic model of something he's working on.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY: 
\b0 Look at a mod inspiration, let me see what check out. So, recommend one last sim before we pack it in for the night. This time, in the shape of a mobius strip, inverted, please. \

\b FRIDAY:
\b0  Processing... \

\b TONY:
\b0  Give me that eigenvalue. That, particle factoring, and a spectral decomp. Gotta take a second. \

\b FRIDAY:
\b0  Just a moment. \

\b TONY:
\b0  And don't worry if it doesn't pan out. I'm just kinda - \

\b FRIDAY: 
\b0 Model rendered. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [In a complete shock of amazement, he finally finishes off the model he's been creating.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  Shit! \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  Shit! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Morgan, who has been hiding behind him all this time, giggles as she repeats the word Tony just uttered.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  What are you doing up, little miss? \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  Shit! \

\b TONY:
\b0  No, we don't say that. Only Mommy says that word. She coined it, it belongs to her. \

\b MORGAN: 
\b0 Why you up? \

\b TONY:
\b0  'Cause I got some important shit going on here. What do you think? I got something on my mind.I got something on my mind. \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  Was it Juice Pops? \

\b TONY:
\b0  Sure was. That's extortion. Great minds think alike. Juice Pops, exactly was on... my mind. 
\i [In Morgan's room]
\i0  \

\b TONY:
\b0  You done? Yeah, now you are. 
\i [Pushing Morgan's head onto her pillow]
\i0  That face goes there. \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  Tell me a story. \

\b TONY:
\b0  A story. Once upon a time, a girl went to bed. The end. \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  
\i [Giggling]
\i0  That ain't the whole story. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Come on, that's your favourite story. I love you tons. \

\b MORGAN:
\b0  I love you 3000. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Wow. 3000. That's crazy. Go to bed. Or I'll sell all your toys. Night, night. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to the living room where Pepper is reading a book sitting on the couch. Tony paces in front of the fireplace.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  Not that it's a competition or anything, but she loves me 3000. You were somewhere on the low 6 to 900 scale. 
\i [Pepper scoffs]
\i0  \

\b TONY:
\b0  
\i [Absentmindedly] 
\i0 What are you reading? \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  Oh, it's just a book on composting. \

\b TONY:
\b0  
\i [Still absentmindedly]
\i0  What's new with composting? \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  Just - \

\b TONY:
\b0  I figured it out, by the way. \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  You know, just so we're talking about the same thing - \

\b TONY:
\b0  Time travel. \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  What? Wow... That's amazing, and... terrifying. \

\b TONY:
\b0  That's right. \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  I got really lucky. \

\b TONY: 
\b0 Yeah, I know. \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  A lot of people didn't. \

\b TONY:
\b0  No, I can't help everybody. \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  It sorta seems like you can. \

\b TONY:
\b0  Not if I stop. I can put a pin in it right now, and stop. \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  Tony, trying to get you to stop has been one of the few failures of my life. \

\b TONY:
\b0  I sometimes feel I should put it in a locked box and drop it at the bottom of a lake... go to bed. \

\b PEPPER:
\b0  But would you be able to rest? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to a lab in the Avengers Compound, we see Bruce fiddling with buttons on a panel. Scott is in his Ant-Man costume is in front of his van, with the back open to show the Quantum Tunnel. Nat and Steve are beside Bruce]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE: 
\b0 Okay, here we go. Time travel test number one. Scott, fire up the uhhh... van thing. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Breakers are set, emergency generators are on standby. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Good. 'Cause if we blow the grid, I don't wanna lose tiny here in the 1950s. 
\i [Scott, Nat and Cap give Bruce a panicked look]
\i0  \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Excuse me? \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  He's kidding. 
\i [To Bruce] 
\i0 You can't say things like that. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Just... It was a bad joke. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  You were kidding, right? \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I have no idea. We're talking about time travel here. Either it's all a joke, or none of it is. 
\i [presses a few buttons]
\i0  We're good! Get your helmet on, Scott. I'm gonna send you back a week, you'll walk around for an hour, then bring you back in 10 seconds. Makes sense? \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Perfectly not confusing \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Good luck, Scott. You got this. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  You're right, Captain America, I do. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  On the count of three. 3... 2... 1! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Bruce presses a button, and Scott disappears into the Quantum Tunnel. In 5 seconds, Bruce presses a button, and someone in the Ant-man suit comes back. A\'a0teenager in appears out of it.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TEEN SCOTT:
\b0  Guys? This doesn't feel right. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  What's going on? \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Hold on. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [He pushes another couple of buttons, trying to fix the problem.]\'a0
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NATASHA: 
\b0 Who is that? \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Is that Scott? \

\b TEEN SCOTT:
\b0  Yes, this is Scott! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Teen Scott gets sucked in back into the quantum tunnel, and it appears to be an old man in the Ant-Man suit.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 OLD SCOTT:
\b0  Ow! My back! \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Can you bring him back? \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I'm working on it! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [After a moment, another person appears in front of them. This time, it's a baby in the Ant-Man suit.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 STEVE:
\b0  It's a baby. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  It's Scott. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  As a baby! \

\b BRUCE: 
\b0 He'll grow! \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Bring Scott back. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  [motioning to Nat] When I say kill the power, kill the power. And... Kill it! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Nat pulls down a lever, and everything shuts down. Scott, the normal Scott, gets spewed back out again.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT:
\b0  Somebody peed my pants. I don't know if it was "baby" me or "old" me. Or just "me" me. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Bruce holds up his his hands in a dramatic way.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE:
\b0  Time travel! \

\b STEVE:
\b0  What? \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I see this as an absolute win! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We cut to see Steve sitting outside the Avengers Compound, staring at the floor, deep in though. He looks beat, the only possibility of victory now not an opportunity. He looks up as a deafening noise breaks the silence in the distance. As he looks, we see an Audi R8 speeding towards the entrance. The car pulls over to Cap, but goes a bit too far, then reverses to Cap. We see Tony Stark roll down the window and look at Cap]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  Why the long face? Let me guess: He turned into a baby. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Among other things, yeah. What are you doing here? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [He gets out of the car, and walks around to the back.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY:
\b0  
\i [Ignoring Steve's question]
\i0  That's the EPR paradox. Instead of pushing Lang through time, you might've wound up pushing time through Lang. It's tricky. Dangerous. Somebody shoulda cautioned you against it. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  You did. \

\b TONY:
\b0  
\i [Opening his car's trunk]
\i0  Oh, did I? Thank god I'm here. Regardless, I fixed it. 
\i [He holds up his right hand, with a device on it]
\i0  A fully functioning Time-Space GPS. I just want peace. Turns out, resentment is corrosive, and I hate it. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Me too. \

\b TONY: 
\b0 We got a shot at getting these stones, but I gotta tell you my priorities: Bring back everyone? I hope, yes. Keep what I got? I have to, at all costs. And maybe not die trying will be nice. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Sounds like a deal. 
\i [Steve reaches out his hand to shake in the deal, in which Tony replies in the same way.] 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Tony reaches back into his trunk to pull something else out, Captain America's Shield. He makes to give it to Steve, who hesitates.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 STEVE: 
\b0 Tony, I don't know... \

\b TONY:
\b0  Why? He made it for you. Plus, honestly I have to get it out of the garage before Morgan takes it sledding. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Steve fits his arm into the shield.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 STEVE:
\b0  Thank you, Tony \

\b TONY:
\b0  Will you keep that a little quiet? Didn't bring one for the whole team. We are getting the whole team, yeah? \

\b STEVE:
\b0  We're working on that right now. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to the Benatar landing in the yard of the Avenger's Compound. Scott is sitting having a Taco at a bench. Rocket walks out of the ship, and walks past Scott.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 ROCKET:
\b0  Hey, humie! Where's Big Green? \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Uh, Kitchen, I think. 
\i [To himself as he sees Rocket with a gun]
\i0  That's awesome. 
\i [He starts to eat his taco, but Nebula lands right in front of him at full speed. Everything inside the taco falls out as Scott gets spooked]
\i0  \

\b NEBULA:
\b0  
\i [into an earpiece]
\i0  Rhodey, careful on re-entry. There's an idiot on the landing zone. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [She walks away] [Moments later, just as Scott is getting back to his senses, Rhodey lands right in front of him even faster than Nebula. This time Scott is so surprised, he drops the who taco.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT:
\b0  Oh, God! \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  What's up, regular sized man? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [As Rhodey walks away, Bruce walks out of the Compound. Seeing that Scott dropped his lunch, he hands two tacos from his own lunch to Scott. Scott takes it while giving Bruce a puzzling look at this act of kindness.]
\i0  \

\i [Cut to Bruce sitting at the back of a Utility car as they traverse the green countryside of Norway. They pass a sign labelled "NEW ASGARD". They stop at a small town on a port. Bruce and Rocket get out of the car, and look around at the remaining Asgardians, living like normal humans at a port.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 ROCKET: 
\b0 Kind of a step down from a from a golden palace for an Avenger highness and whatnot. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Have a little compassion, pal. First they've lost Asgard, then half the people. They're probably just happy to have a home. 
\i [Bruce spots Valkyrie looking over at him, and heads over to her.]
\i0  \

\b VALKYRIE:
\b0  You shouldn't have come! \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Valkyrie! Great to see you, Angry Girl! \

\b VALKYRIE:
\b0  
\i [Noticing Bruce's change of appearance]
\i0  I think I liked you better either of the other ways. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  
\i [motioning to Rocket]
\i0  This is Rocket. \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  How you doin'? \

\b VALKYRIE:
\b0  
\i [Eyeing Rocket]
\i0  He won't see you. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  That bad, huh? \

\b VALKYRIE:
\b0  We only see him once a month, when he comes for... 
\i [looking over to a pile of kegs on the side]
\i0  ... supplies. \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  It's that bad. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Yeah. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to Rocket opening a door, and him and Bruce walking through it.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE: 
\i\b0 [Grimacing at the smell] 
\i0 What the... \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  Woo! Something died in here. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  Hello? Thor? \

\b THOR:
\b0  
\i [From another room.]
\i0  Are you here about the cable? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [He walks into view, and the audience's jaw drops. Thor, who is shirtless, has definitely put on more than a couple of pounds since we saw him last.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 THOR:
\b0  The Cinemax ran out about two weeks ago, and the sports were all kind of fuzzy. 
\i [He notices Bruce and Rocket standing there]
\i0  Boys! Oh my God! How have you been? 
\i [To Rocket, trying to hug him]
\i0  Come here, you little rascal! \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  No, I'm good. I'm good. That's not necessary. \

\b THOR:
\b0  Hulk, you know my friends, Miek, Korg, right? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We see Miek and Korg sitting on a couch, PlayStation controller in hand, playing Fortnite and eating chips.
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE:
\b0  Hey, boys! \

\b KORG: 
\b0 Hey guys. Long time no see. Beer's on the bucket. Feel free to log on to the Wi-Fi. No password, obviously. Thor, he's back. The kid on the TV that called me a dickhead again. \

\b THOR:
\b0  Noobmaster? \

\b KORG:
\b0  Yeah, Noobmaster69. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor walks over to Korg, takes his headphones, and speaks into the mic.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 THOR:
\b0  Noobmaster? Yeah, it's Thor again. You know, the God of Thunder? Listen, buddy. If you don't log off this game immediately, I'm gonna fly over to your house, come down to that basement you're hiding in, rip off your arms then shove them up your butt! Oh, that's right. Yes, now go cry to your father, you little weasel! \

\b KORG:
\b0  Thank you, Thor. \

\b THOR:
\b0  Let me know if he bothers you again, okay? \

\b KORG:\'a0
\b0 Thank you very much. I will. \

\b THOR:\'a0
\b0 So you guys want a drink? What are you drinking? We have beer, tequila, all sorts of things. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor uses stormbreaker to open a bottle of beer and starts drinking. Bruce\'a0walks to him and places a hand on his shoulder]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE:\'a0\'a0
\b0 Buddy, you all right? \

\b THOR:
\b0  Yes, I'm fine! Why, don't I look all right? \

\b ROCKET:
\b0 \'a0You look like melted ice cream. \

\b THOR:\'a0
\i\b0 [Laughs]\'a0
\i0 So, what's up? \

\b BRUCE:\'a0\'a0
\b0 We need your help. There might be a chance we could fix everything. \

\b THOR:\'a0
\b0 What, like the cable? [burps]
\b \'a0
\b0 Cause that's been driving me bananas for weeks. \

\b BRUCE:\'a0
\b0 Like Thanos. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor's smile slowly disappears. He puts a shaky hand on Bruce's shoulder and points at him.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 THOR:
\b0 \'a0Don't say that name. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Korg stands up and takes off his headphones]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 KORG:\'a0
\b0 Um, yeah. We don't actually\'a0say that name in here. \

\b BRUCE:\'a0
\i\b0 [quietly]\'a0
\i0 Please take your hand off me.\'a0
\i [He brushes away Thor's hand]\'a0
\i0 Now, I know that... guy might scare you. \

\b THOR:\'a0
\b0 Why would I be? Why would, why would I be scared of that guy? I'm the one who killed that guy, remember? Anyone else here killed that guy?\'a0Nope. Didn't think so. Korg, why don't you, tell everybody who chopped Thanos' big head off. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor walks off screen]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 KORG:\'a0
\b0 Umm... Stormbreaker? \

\b THOR:\'a0
\b0 Now, who's swingin'\'a0Stormbreaker? \

\b BRUCE:\'a0
\b0 I get it. You're in a rough spot, okay? I've been there myself. You wanna know who helped me out of it? \

\b THOR:
\b0 \'a0I don't know. Is it... Natasha? \

\b BRUCE:\'a0
\b0 It was you. You helped me. \

\b THOR:\'a0
\i\b0 [walks over and looks out the window and points, still holding his beer]
\i0 \'a0Why don't you ask the, Asgardians down there, how much my help was worth.\'a0
\i [he drops onto the sofa]\'a0
\i0 The ones that are left, anyway. \

\b BRUCE:\'a0
\b0 I think we can bring them back. \

\b THOR:
\b0 \'a0Stop. Just, stop...\'a0
\i [opens a packet on m&ms]
\i0 \'a0I know you think I'm down here wallowing in my own self-pity, waiting to be rescued and and saved. But I'm fine, okay? We're fine, aren't we? \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [The camera cuts to Korg and Miek eating pizza and playing once more]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 KORG:\'a0
\b0 Nah, all good here, mate! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cuts back to Thor]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 THOR:\'a0
\b0 So, whatever it is that you're offering, we're not into it, don't care, couldn't care less. Goodbye. \

\b BRUCE:\'a0
\i\b0 [from offscreen]\'a0
\i0 We need you, pal. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Thor shakes his head and ignores Bruce]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 ROCKET:\'a0
\i\b0 [Crossing his arms]\'a0
\i0 There's beer on the ship. \

\b THOR:\'a0
\i\b0 [pauses, but doesn't look up]\'a0
\i0 What kind? \

\b [SCREEN TITLE: TOKYO]
\b0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [After seeing a Quinjet flown to the capital, the scene cuts to a nightclub in the city of Tokyo, as the entertainment still intact, loads of dead bodies of yakuza members are seen as a hooded figure throws a shuriken at another yakuza member firing at him. They are shouting something in Japanese, as two more men come out of nowhere and draw out their UZIs.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 THUG #1:
\b0  
\f1 \'a4\'bd\'a4\'ec\'a4\'cf\'a3\'a1\'a4\'a2\'a4\'ad\'a4\'d2\'a4\'b3\'a4\'b5\'a4\'f3
\f0  
\f1 \'a4\'b3\'a4\'c8\'a4\'c7\'a4\'b9\'a3\'a1
\f0\i (Romanized: Soreha! Akihiko-san osewadesu!) (Translated: It's him! He's after Akihiko!)
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Both thugs fire their SMGs as both got slain by a shuriken. A yakuza member wielding a katana charges at him in the stairs, but is immediately overthrown and slain by the Ronin. Ronin then fights another sword-wielding thug, which is thrown outside the glass, killing him. The camera passes through two more buildings as the fighting ensues with different screams, shouts, more havoc inside, and gunfire. A man in a dark raincoat jumps through the glass window, with the Ronin doing the same, as both of them lands in a dark alleyway. The man in the raincoat turns to the Ronin, who just landed after him. It was Akihiko, the leader of a yakuza gang, whose head being hunted by the Ronin himself.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 AKIHIKO:
\b0  
\f1 \'a4\'ca\'a4\'bc\'a4\'a2\'a4\'ca\'a4\'bf\'a4\'cf\'a4\'b3\'a4\'ec\'a4\'f2\'a4\'e4\'a4\'c3\'a4\'c6\'a4\'a4\'a4\'eb\'a3\'bf
\f0 \'a0
\f1 \'cb\'bd\'a4\'bf\'a4\'c1\'a4\'cf\'a4\'a2\'a4\'ca\'a4\'bf\'a4\'cb\'ba\'ce\'a4\'e2\'a4\'b7\'a4\'de\'a4\'bb\'a4\'f3\'a4\'c7\'a4\'b7\'a4\'bf\'a3\'a1
\f0\i (Romanized: Naze anata wa kore o yatte iru? \'a0 Watashitachi wa anata ni nani mo shimasendeshita!) (English: Why are you doing this? We never did anything to you!)
\i0  \

\b RONIN:
\b0  
\i [Also in Japanese] 
\i0 You're done hurting people. \

\b AKIHIKO: 
\b0 You're crazy! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [They both draw their Katanas, and a sword-fight ensues. Ronin is clearly a better fighter, but Akihiko is also quite experienced. They clang swords, and for a second, it looks like Akihiko has the upper hand swinging at Ronin's neck. Ronin, however, ducks and slides under the katana, and slices Akihiko in the stomach as he slides past. Akihiko, now fatally injured, drops his katana.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 AKIHIKO:
\b0  
\i [In English] 
\i0 Wait! Help me! I'll do anything you want! \

\b RONIN:
\b0  
\i [Raising his katana, in English]
\i0  What I want... You can't give me. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [He thrusts the blade downwards into Akihiko's stomach. The body of the Japanese falls to the ground. Ronin grabs the sword, and wipes it on his gauntlet, ridding it of the blood of Akihiko. He notices someone behind him, and grabs his mask, and slides it off his head, revealing himself as Clint Barton, who has gone on a rampage since the decimation. He turns around and looks at Nat, who is standing behind him, holding an umbrella, and in casual clothes.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 CLINT:
\b0  You shouldn't be here. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  Neither should you. \

\b CLINT:
\b0  I've got a job to do. \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  Is that what you're calling this? Killing all these people isn't gonna bring your family back. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Clint starts to look emotional, on the verge of crying.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NATASHA:
\b0  We found something. A chance, maybe... \

\b CLINT:
\b0  
\i [Now openly crying]
\i0  Don't! Don't give me hope! \

\b NATASHA:
\b0  I'm sorry I couldn't give it to you sooner. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We cut to the Avenger's Compound, where we see Thor in a hoodie, drinking a beer and walking through the compound's Testing Chamber. Tony is also there, walking in from behind Thor.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 TONY: 
\i\b0 [To Thor]
\i0  Drifting left. On the side there, Lebowski. 
\i [To Rocket, who's working on something underneath a glass platform] 
\i0 How's it going, Ratchet? \

\b ROCKET:
\b0  It's Rocket. Take it easy. You're only a genius on Earth, pal. \

\b TONY:
\b0  
\i [Unfazed]
\i0  Yup. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to a side room, where we see Scott, Bruce, Steve and Rhodey talking. Scott is in a white and red suit, similar to the Ant-Man suit.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE:
\b0  Time travel suit? Not bad. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  
\i [Response to Hulk touching the suit and something red in a glass tube] 
\i0 Hey, hey, hey. Easy, easy! \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I'm being very careful. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  No, you're being very Hulky. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I'm being careful. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  
\i [Holding up the red glass bottle] 
\i0 These are Pym Particles, alright? And ever since Hank Pym got snapped out of existence, this is it. This is what we have. We're not making any more. \

\b STEVE:
\b0  Scott, calm down! \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Sorry. We've got enough for one round trip each. That's it. No do-overs. Plus two test runs. 
\i [He accidentally presses a button, and shrinks, and then grows back to his normal size.] 
\i0 One test run. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Cut to the testing chamber, where we see Steve, Nat, Tony, Scott, Bruce, Rhodey and Nebula standing at a control panel, presumably controlling the glass platform.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 SCOTT:
\b0  All right. I'm not ready for this. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I'm game. \

\b CLINT:
\b0  I'll do it. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [Clint walks in wearing the suit Scott was moments before, the Quantum Suit.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 BRUCE:
\b0  Clint, now you're gonna feel a little discombobulated from the chronoshift. \

\b CLINT:
\b0  
\i [Taking position on the platform] 
\i0 Don't worry about it. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Wait a second, let me ask you something. If we can do this, you know, go back in time, why don't we just find baby Thanos, and... \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  First of all, that's horrible. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  It's Thanos. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  And secondly, time doesn't work that way. Changing the past doesn't change the future. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Look, we go back, we get the stones before Thanos gets them... Thanos doesn't have the stones. Problem solved. Bingo. \

\b TONY:
\b0  That's not how it works. \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Well, that's what I heard. \

\b TONY:
\b0  What? By who? Who told you that? \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Star Trek, Terminator, TimeCop, Time After Time - \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Quantum Leap - \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  A Wrinkle in Time, Somewhere in Time - \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Hot Tub Time Machine - \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure. Basically, any movie that deals with time travel. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  Die Hard? No, it's not... \

\b RHODEY:
\b0  This is known. \

\b BRUCE:
\b0  I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true. Think about it: If you travel to the past, that past becomes your future. And your former present becomes the past. Which can't now be changed by your new future... \

\b TONY:
\b0  Exactly. \

\b SCOTT:
\b0  So... Back To The Future's a bunch of bullshit? \

\b BRUCE: 
\i\b0 \ul [\ulnone Turning to Clint] 
\i0 Alright, Clint. We're going in 3... 2... 1! \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [A helmet similar to Ant-Man's but white and more visible face pops on Clint's head, and he goes quantum. Clint flies through the quantum realm and into an opening. He grows back to normal size, but he's at a different place, and seemingly, time.]
\i0  \

\i [Clint look around his family home, which unlike at the start of the movie, looks a lot more alive. The helmet pops off of Clint's head, and he looks around bewildered. He sees a baseball glove on the ground, presumably belonging to one of his sons, and picks it up. We hear a noise from inside the house, someone who Clint hasn't seen for five years.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 LILA:
\b0  Cooper? Where are my headphones? \

\b CLINT:
\b0  
\i [murmuring] 
\i0 Lila? 
\i [The device on his hand starts beeping, signalling the end of this visit] 
\i0 Lila! 
\i [He dives for the door, but only manages to open it before he shrinks back to go back to the future.]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 [We hear footsteps coming towards where Clint has just disappeared, and we see Lila coming down the stairs, looking around, puzzled]
\i0  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 LILA:
\b0  Dad? 
\i [She looks around]
\i0  \
}